How and when will we give you the loan?
When you have signed and returned the agreement, we will
sign it. The agreement will start on that day and will end when
you have repaid everything you owe us.
1. We will pay the loan into the current account you gave in
your application. This will usually be no more than five working
days after the start date or the specific date you asked for.
If the loan is to repay any other borrowing from us, the amount
in your current account will be what is left over (if anything)
after we have taken away the amount needed to repay
those borrowings.
2. If you repay more than the total amount payable, we will
close the account and return the amount you overpaid to
another account you hold with us or by sending you a cheque.
What is the cost of the loan?
3. We charge a fixed amount of interest which we add to the
loan when we open the loan account. The total amount payable
by you is the sum of interest and the loan. Although it is added
upfront, we work out interest (and the APR) as if the loan
amount was reduced by each projected repayment, using the
interest rate, the number of monthly repayments and the period
of the loan. For these purposes, we assume we provide the
loan one month (or, if you have an initial payment holiday, three
months) before the first repayment date.
How must you repay the loan?
4. You must make the monthly repayments set out in your
agreement. If a repayment date is a non-working day you
must make the repayment (or we will collect it) on the next
working day.
5. After you have made your first repayment, you can change
the monthly repayment date if you ask us. We will not be able
to change your next repayment date but we will change all
subsequent repayment dates. You can only change the date
twice in any 12 month period. Changing the repayment date
will not affect the amount of interest on the loan.
What should you do if your details change?
6. If you change your name, address, telephone number or
email address you must tell us in writing or by calling us. We
will use the most recent details you have given us to send
information and contact you.
Can you repay the loan early?
7. You can repay all, or part, of the loan early by giving us
notice in writing or by telephone. If you give us notice, we will
tell you the amount needed to repay the loan in full within the
next 28 days (or on a later date you tell us).
8. If you repay part of the loan early, your monthly repayment
will stay the same but you may repay the loan more quickly.
If you repay the loan in full, the formula in the regulations we
use to work out the reduced amount of interest we can charge,
works as if we charged interest at the rate that applies to the
loan from the date we gave you the loan to the date which is
28 days after you give us notice, plus an additional month if
your loan is repayable over a period of more than 12 months.
For example, if the loan is for 36 months and you give us
notice on 1 September that you want to repay the loan on
14 September, the amount required to repay the loan will
include interest up to 29 October.
What are our rights if you miss a repayment
or we have other concerns?
9. There may be severe consequences if:
(a) you do not make repayments on time; or
(b) we find that any information you provided as part
of your loan application was materially incorrect or
misleading; or
(c) you are declared bankrupt or have similar proceedings
taken against you; or
(d) we reasonably suspect any fraud or other criminal
activity in connection with this agreement and/or any
other facility or account that you have with us.
In any of these cases, we can:
• demand immediate repayment of the loan;
• disclose information about you and the conduct of your loan
to licensed credit reference agencies (which may make it
more difficult for you to borrow in future);
• restrict access to credit on other accounts you have with us
(such as an overdraft or credit card);
• bring legal action to recover the loan (which could include
asking a court to order that, if a property you own is sold for
any reason, some of the sale proceeds are used to repay this
loan); and
• require you to pay our reasonable costs and expenses for
taking action to obtain payment, including legal costs;
but we will give you advance notice and (unless the problem
cannot be fixed) the opportunity to fix the problem before
taking any of these steps.
Personal Loans
Terms and Conditions
Continued...
hsbc.co.uk
Issued by HSBC UK Bank plc
HSBC UK Bank plc, Customer Information: PO Box 6201, Coventry CV9 3HW
DCP154 ©HSBC Group 2021. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility
To find out more about our accessible services please visit www.hsbc.co.uk/accessibility or ask at any of our branches.
If you’d like this in another format such as large print, Braille or audio, please contact us.
A textphone service is also available for customers with hearing and/or speech impairments.
If you use your own textphone you can call us on 03457 125 563 (+44 207 088 2077 from overseas).
10. If we choose not to enforce our rights under this
agreement at any time, we may enforce them at a later
date instead.
Can we use any other funds to repay the loan?
11. If we hold any money for you on another account (for
example if you have money in a current or savings account),
we can use it to reduce or repay any sums you fail to pay under
this agreement but only after we have checked that you have
enough left in your accounts to cover essential living costs.
We will give you advance notice and the opportunity to fix
the problem first.
12. If you have provided security for any other borrowing from
us, it will not apply to the loan.
Can we transfer our rights under this agreement?
13. We may transfer our rights and our obligations under this
agreement to a third party, including information about you
and how you have managed the loan which the third party
needs to know.
What law governs this agreement?
14. This agreement, and everything that happens in relation
to this agreement before it is made, are governed by the laws,
and subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts, of
England and Wales. We will communicate with you at all times
in English.
Right to withdraw
You can withdraw from this agreement (without giving any
reason) by sending written notice or calling us within 14 days,
starting the day after we confirm that we have signed the
agreement. To tell us that you want to withdraw, please use
the details under Important Information below.
You must repay the loan, without delay, within 30 days, starting
the day after you tell us that you want to withdraw, together
with interest for each day until you repay. We won’t charge
any interest if you repay the loan in full within 14 days starting
the day we provide the loan. You can repay by calling us or by
visiting one of our branches.
If the loan is to repay any other borrowing from us,
withdrawing from this agreement will not reinstate your
existing agreements. These will end when we sign this
agreement and apply this loan to repay everything you
owe under those agreements.
Important information
How to contact us
If you need to contact us e.g. to update your contact details,
ask for information about early repayment, tell us that you want
to withdraw from the agreement or make a complaint please
call 03457 404 404.
How can you keep track of what you owe?
You may ask us at any time for a statement of account.
This statement will be in the form of a table setting out:
• details (including the amounts) of the repayments
you still owe;
• the dates on which each repayment is due; and
• a breakdown of each repayment showing how much
comprises capital, interest and, if applicable, other charges.
We will not charge for the statement.
How can you make a complaint?
If we do not give the standard of service you expect, or if you
think we have made a mistake, please let us know so we can
investigate, put matters right and take steps to prevent
it happening again.
If you are not happy with the way that we deal with your
complaint, you may be able to refer your complaint to the
Financial Ombudsman Service by writing to Financial
Ombudsman Service, Exchange Tower, London E14 9SR,
calling 0800 023 4 567 or 0300 123 9 123 or sending
an email to complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
How we are authorised
HSBC UK Bank plc is established and has its registered office
at 1 Centenary Square, Birmingham B1 1HQ. We are
a financial services organisation and banking institution
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential
Regulation Authority. Our reference number is 765112.
You can check this on the Financial Services Register by visiting
the Financial Conduct Authority website www.fca.org.uk
or by contacting the Financial Conduct Authority on
0800 111 6768. The Financial Conduct Authority is the
supervisory authority under the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
Its address is 12 Endeavour Square, London E20 1JN.