Definitions
There may be additional definitions in each section of these Terms and Conditions.
Account Investments
The Investments you hold in an ISA or Investment Account.
Application
The details you give us to allow you to first use the Hub and then to open a Hub
Account, a Stocks and Shares ISA and any additional Investment Account(s).
Associate company
Santander UK plc or any of its subsidiary companies or any company in the Santander
Group, other than SIM.
Cash
All money we hold for you including money allocated to the Cash Only Account and
allocated as cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account.
cash in your ISA
The portion of your Stocks and Shares ISA that is allocated to cash.
cash in your Investment Account
The portion of your Investment Account that is allocated to cash.
Cash Only Account
The online account we set up for you when you open a Hub Account. This is not
a current account.
CASS
The FCA’s Client Assets Sourcebook. All investments and client money will be held in
accordance with the regulatory requirements in CASS, which are designed to protect
your assets and money.
Dividend
A cash amount paid to a shareholder or unitholder. The amount of the dividend
depends on the number of shares or units held.
Document library
Our online filing system which you can access when you’re logged onto the Hub
where electronic copies of documents relevant to you will be stored.
FCA
The Financial Conduct Authority.
Final Terms
A standalone document comprising part of the prospectus setting out the detailed
legal terms of each Fixed Term Investment. Please refer to the relevant Key
Information Document for details on where the Final Terms can be located.
Fixed Term Investments
Notes and/or Securities purchased by SIM on your behalf for a fixed term plan
administered by SIM, which may provide returns based on the performance of those
Notes and/or Securities. Please see the relevant Key Information Document and
Product Guide for further information on each of the Fixed Term Investments.
Fund(s)
Any of the funds that you can invest in.
HMRC
Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs.
Hub
The name of the Santander Investment Hub service we provide to you.
Hub Account
The online account that holds your Investment Account(s) and/or Stocks and Shares
ISA. Separate Hub Accounts will be set up for your individual holdings and joint
holdings.
Investment Account
The general investment account that holds your Account Investments that are not
held in an ISA.
Investments
Units, shares and/or Fixed Term Investments.
ISA
A stocks and shares Individual Savings Account operated and maintained by SIM in
line with the Individual Savings Account Regulations 1998 (as amended from time
to time).
Nominee
Our nominee company, Abbey National Nominees Limited or any other company that
may replace them, or any other nominee company which may be used to provide the
services to you.
Note
For the purposes of Fixed Term Investments, a Note is a debt instrument, which is
a type of loan you make to Santander UK plc, under which Santander UK plc has an
obligation to pay interest and repay capital on specified terms.
OEIC
An Open Ended Investment Company authorised and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, in line with regulation 3 of the Open Ended Investment Company
Regulations 2001 (as amended from time to time). In addition, this can also include
offshore based open ended investment companies.
Platform Service Fee
The fees charged by us for the provision of the services via the Hub.
Product Guide
This is a guide for each of the Fixed Term Investments which sets out some of the key
features for that product, including how you may receive returns for these investments.
The information provided in the Product Guide does not form part of these Terms and
Conditions. The Product Guides may be amended by Santander UK plc from time to time.
Provider
A firm authorised to manage ISAs and/or Investment Accounts, or a fund manager.
Regulations
The Individual Savings Account Regulations 1998 as amended from time to time.
Regulator
An organisation that regulates either us or an Associate company.
Rules
The rules, guidance, directions and other provisions in the FCA Handbook or
otherwise made by the FCA as amended from time to time.
Security
For the purposes of Fixed Term Investments, a Security is a debt instrument, which
is a type of loan you make to Santander UK plc, under which Santander UK plc has an
obligation to pay returns on specified terms.
SIM
Santander ISA Managers Limited.
Special Access Account(s)
Hub Account(s) held by Trustees, Power of Attorneys or Court of Protection
guardians.
Tax year
The period from 6 April in one year to 5 April the following year.
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions, along with any schedules as amended and
supplemented from time to time. The latest version of the Terms and Conditions will
always be available on our website.
Unit Trust
A Unit Trust as defined by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended
from time to time) and authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
We (and us)
Santander ISA Managers Limited (SIM).
Working day
Any English bank working day (days of the week not including Saturdays, Sundays
and English public holidays).
2 Our services
2.1 These Terms and Conditions set out the agreement between you and us, SIM, for
the services we provide you.
2.2 Once you have access to the Hub, you can use the Hub to make certain Investments,
hold them in tax wrappers (for example, a Stocks and Shares ISA) and view them online.
Special Access Accounts will not be able to access, or use the features provided through,
the Hub online.
2.3 This service is an execution-only service where you’ll be presented with various
investment options you can research and it will be your choice should you decide to
invest. We will execute your orders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions
and we won’t provide you with investment advice or discretionary management
services in relation to the Investments. You may be able to receive these services from
other members of the Santander UK plc group or other third party providers.
2.4 Where we deal on an execution-only basis we won’t assess whether a product or service
is suitable for you. This means that any transaction you make through the Hub won’t
benefit from the FCA’s rules on suitability. If you have any doubt as to the suitability of
an Investment or wish to obtain advice, please contact your financial adviser.
2.5 For some Account Investments, we may be required to assess the appropriateness
of these for you and we may ask you to complete an appropriateness questionnaire
when you make an initial investment or further investments.
2.6 Any advice provided to you by Santander UK plc or your independent financial adviser
is specific to your and the market’s situation at the time. If you wish to act on the
advice at a later date and/or have invested in other Account Investments you should
contact your Santander UK plc adviser or your independent financial adviser to assess
whether the advice is still suitable for you, or if you had previously received online
investment advice from Santander UK plc, use the Digital Investment Adviser service
to receive updated investment advice. These Terms and Conditions don’t cover the
terms of any advice service. If you receive advice from Santander UK plc, they can
only give restricted advice on investment products that are administered by us.
2.7 If you’re in any doubt about using the execution-only service or making your own
investment decisions, we recommend that you seek advice from a suitably qualified
financial adviser.
2.8 We will provide you with a custody service in order to safeguard the Account
Investments on your behalf.
3 Start date
3.1 Your Investment Account will begin as soon as we accept your completed Application
and receive your payment and it has cleared.
5
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
3.2 Your ISA will begin as soon as we accept your completed Application and receive your
valid payment.
3.3 If we don’t accept your Application, or where we believe it’s necessary to close your
Hub Account or any account in your Hub Account, we’ll normally return your payment
within 14 Working days and in accordance with the terms of paragraph 12.
3.4 If you have instructed us to purchase a Fixed Term Investment on your behalf, your
plan may not commence immediately. Some Fixed Term Investments have an offer
period which may apply before your plan commences. The commencement date for
a Fixed Term Investment will be set out in the relevant Key Information Document.
4 Cash Only Account and cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account
4.1 When we open a Hub Account for you we’ll also automatically open a Cash Only
Account. The main purpose of this account is to pay the Platform Service Fee.
4.2 When you open an ISA and/or Investment Account, a portion of those accounts can
also be allocated to cash. Any cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account can be
used to purchase Investments.
4.3 The Cash Only Account and cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account are not
current accounts. The actual Cash is held in one or more client money accounts,
as explained in paragraph 12.
4.4 The client money account in which cash in your ISA is held, is designated as an ISA
account under the Regulations. Money paid into cash in your ISA counts towards your
annual ISA limit.
4.5 All cleared single lump sum payments will initially be allocated as cash in your ISA and/
or Investment Account. We may also allocate additional amounts as cash in your ISA
and/or Investment Account, for example by way of distribution payments or interest
payments, income, or if investments are sold without making further purchases.
4.6 The balance of your Cash Only Account and cash in your ISA and/or Investment
Account will be shown on your statements.
5 Interest
5.1 A specific rate of interest applies to the cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account
and the balance of your Cash Only Account. This rate of interest may fluctuate. The
applicable interest rates (or method of calculation) and any threshold amounts are
explained in the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document. The applicable
rate of interest may be more or less than we receive, or may be zero.
5.2 Any interest due will be calculated daily, based on the closing balance of the cash
allocated to those accounts. Any interest due will be credited during the calendar
month. In the event that you close your ISA or Investment Account mid-month, interest
accrued will be credited pro-rata.
5.3 We may make changes to the rates of interest (including any method of interest rate
calculation and/or any threshold amounts we use to decide which method of interest
rate calculation or interest rate is applicable to you). We may do this without giving you
any prior notice provided that there’s a valid reason for making such a change and the
change is proportionate and reasonable under the circumstances, for example:
a) if the rate of interest we receive from the banks we hold your money with changes;
b) following, or in anticipation of, and to respond to, a change in any relevant law
or to meet any regulatory requirement or to reflect new industry guidance or
applicable code of practice;
c) to reflect other legitimate cost increases or reductions associated with
our provision of the Hub and services to you, or to respond to the costs or
consequences of any event beyond our control that may impact our provision
of Hub Accounts or services to you; or
d) if the change is favourable to you.
6 Income and growth
6.1 Some Account Investments may generate income, and Fixed Term Investments can
generate cash through the realisation of any growth at maturity. When you open an
ISA and/or Investment Account, you must choose whether to have this paid as cash
and allocated to:
¡ cash in your ISA and/or Investment Account;
¡ a nominated bank account; or
¡ be automatically reinvested to buy more Account Investments in the same Fund
(this option does not apply to Fixed Term Investments).
 The choice you make will apply to all the Account Investments you hold in either the
ISA or the Investment Account.
6.2 You can subsequently instruct us to move the cash in your ISA and/or Investment
Account into a nominated bank account. When moved from your ISA, this will count
as a withdrawal from an ISA, and this cash may lose it’s tax-efficient status.
6.3 If you’d like to change where your income is paid, you can contact us by phone or in
writing by using the details in paragraph 24. Other than for Special Access Accounts,
you can also do this online on the Hub. We’ll normally make the change within
5 Working days.
6.4 It may take between 5 to 15 Working days after the Fund pays the income to us before
the income is either paid to you, or reinvested or paid to your nominated account.
6.5 If you choose to have income automatically reinvested to buy more Account
Investments in the same Fund and the value of the income is not enough to buy the
smallest fraction of a share or unit available, we will allocate the income to cash in
your ISA and/or Investment Account.
6.6 Where you’ve invested in an income paying Fund, the Fund Provider may choose to
retain the income and pay you in shares/units instead. In this scenario, we reserve the
right to allocate the shares/units to your holdings in that Fund. Information applicable
to individual Funds is included in the relevant Fund Prospectus. These documents can
be found on the fund managers’ website.
6.7 Where we receive a pooled income payment in respect of Account Investments held
by you and others, we will allocate this in what we consider is a fair and equitable
manner. This may mean that the amount allocated to you is rounded up or down to
the nearest penny. This might result in a residual amount that cannot be fairly allocated
between customers. In such circumstances we may retain this residual amount.
7 Tax – Applicable if you’re covered by the tax requirements of another country
7.1 We may be legally obliged to disclose information about you and your Account
Investments to HMRC, who may in turn pass this on to other tax authorities in line
with international agreements or treaties that may be in force. You agree that we
may provide any documentation or information to HMRC and that they may be
obliged to share with an overseas Tax Authority in accordance with the provisions of
any law, legislation or regulation of the UK.
7.2 You agree to provide us with personal information, declarations or certifications
that we’re required to retain by law within 30 days of us making a request to you to
enable us to determine whether your details need to be reported to HMRC or another
overseas Tax Authority, in line with paragraph 7.1 above.
7.3 You agree to inform us promptly in writing if any of your personal information
changes, or if there’s any change in circumstances following any certification that
you may have provided to us, including if you become a US citizen or cease to be a UK
resident for tax purposes.
7.4 We won’t be liable to you for any loss you may suffer if we disclose information in
accordance with our legal obligations.
8 Taking money out or cashing in your Hub Account
8.1 Other than for Fixed Term Investments or Special Access Accounts, you can give us
instructions to make one-off withdrawals or cash in some or all of your Account
Investments at any time, online, by phone or by writing to us. You can only give us
instructions to withdraw or cash in some or all of your Fixed Term Investments by phone
or by writing to us. Special Access Accounts can only give us instructions to withdraw or
cash in some or all of your Account Investments at any time by writing to us.
8.2 You can instruct us to make regular payments to you by specifying an amount, which
we can pay to you monthly, quarterly, half yearly or yearly. Other than for Fixed
Term Investments, you can define which Account Investments you want us to sell to
generate this amount, or you can tell us to sell your Account Investments, pro rata
according to the value held. You can’t instruct regular withdrawals from any Fixed
Term Investments you hold.
8.3 Where your instruction is for a specific cash value when selling part of your holding
(rather than the proceeds of a number of shares or units), we may not be able to
accept the instruction if it is to cash in 85% or more of the Fund’s value. For Fixed
Term Investments, only whole numbers of Notes and/or Securities can be cashed in.
This means if you ask us for a specific cash value, you may not get the exact amount
you’ve requested. In addition, we may not be able to accept the instruction if it is not
in accordance with the minimum withdrawal amounts and/or minimum balance
requirements set out in the relevant Product Guide.
8.4 We’ll normally process your instruction within 5 Working days of receipt of correct
instructions, however, you may request a date after this period if you like. Under the
Regulations, we can take up to 30 days to process your instruction in relation to your ISA.
8.5 You can choose to have the proceeds allocated to either your Cash Only Account; cash
in your ISA and/or Investment Account; or a nominated bank account of your choice.
Any such proceeds from an Investment Account allocated to cash in your ISA will
count towards the annual ISA subscription limit.
8.6 If you withdraw or cash in only some of the Account Investments, you must keep to any
minimum or limits and restrictions we tell you about in the Santander Investment Hub –
Key Features Document or relevant Product Guide. The amount you get may be affected
by any money we keep under paragraph 18. Flexible features don’t apply to withdrawals
from the ISA. This means you can’t replace any money withdrawn in the same tax year
without it counting towards your annual ISA limits.
8.7 If you’ve invested in a Fixed Term Investment, we’ll contact you before the maturity date
of your plan. At maturity your invested amount held at maturity will be paid into cash
in your ISA and/or Investment Account, where it will remain until we receive further
instructions from you. Any growth or income received from your Fixed Term Investment
will be paid in accordance with your instructions as set out in paragraph 6.1.
8.8 If you close your Investment Account and/or ISA, any Platform Service Fee owing will
be deducted from the proceeds.
6
8.9 You may close individual accounts within your Hub Account such as an ISA or an
Investment Account. You can also close your Hub Account which will mean that
all accounts within it are also closed. If you want to close an account, you must
instruct us to do this by phone or by writing to us. We may close your Hub Account,
or a particular account in your Hub Account, as explained in paragraph 16.
8.10 If and when your account is closed, we will take all reasonable steps to pay you
residual balances that subsequently arise. If we’ve been unable to pay you, you
agree that we’ll donate amounts of £5 or less to a registered charity of our choice.
We’ll continue to hold any residual balances that are greater than £5 for you as client
money. Any money removed from your ISA will lose its tax-efficient status.
9 Joint Hub Account(s)
9.1 You’re responsible individually and together for observing these Terms and
Conditions, including paying charges and any other money rightfully due to us.
If one of you dies, the Account Investments belongs to the remaining holder.
9.2 Where an Investment Account is held jointly, but with different security details to
access the Hub:
a) the Investment Account will be accessible by both holders;
b) if one of you dies, we will, on receipt of satisfactory evidence of the death,
treat the survivor as being entitled to operate the Investment Account; and
c) if one of you tells us that there is a dispute between the two of you, we may freeze
the Investment Account until we receive written instructions from both of you.
9.3 Where the Investment Account is to be held jointly by two individuals, we’ll normally
accept instructions from either one of you, but we can’t be required by you to accept
instructions from both of you only. However, there may be circumstances where
we’ll insist on receiving instructions from both of you.
9.4 Where an Investment Account is jointly held, any correspondence will be provided
to both holders named on the Application.
9.5 An ISA can’t be held jointly.
9.6 There can only be two holders of a joint Investment Account.
9.7 Where you receive advisory services and you have a joint account, Santander UK plc
(who provides the advisory services) only needs permission from one account holder
to view your joint account on the Hub.
10 Recognising others to exercise your rights
10.1 Our relationship is with you and we won’t recognise the interest or claim of any other
person unless, by law, we have to (for example, where arrangements have been
established under a trust). This means, for example, that you can’t use any of the
Account Investments as security for any borrowing or other money that you owe.
10.2 If you become incapable of managing your affairs we may allow a person appointed
by the Court to manage your affairs to operate your Hub and the Hub Account(s)
within it.
11 Using others to carry out our duties
11.1 We may use an Associate company or other companies not connected with
Santander UK plc to provide services relating to the Hub and accounts within
it and pass all necessary information to them. If we appoint others:
a) we’ll keep responsibility for the way these duties are carried out; and
b) we’ll make sure we’re satisfied that the Associate company or other company
is able to carry out the duties.
11.2 We may appoint, in our place, an Associate company as Provider of your ISA.
The Associate company must be approved under the relevant Regulations as
a Provider. We must give you notice in writing beforehand, so that you have
the chance to transfer your ISA to a different Provider if you prefer.
12 Client money
12.1 We’ll hold all Cash as client money before we invest it, or return or pay it to you
in accordance with your instructions. This includes:
a) any payments you make to us,
b) any money allocated to the Cash Only Account or cash in your ISA and/or
Investment Account,
c) any money due to you, such as income, and
d) the proceeds of selling any Account Investments on your behalf.
We’ll treat the money above in accordance with CASS.
12.2 Client money will be held in one or more accounts that we hold with Santander UK
plc or other approved banks, that may or may not be interest bearing. These client
money accounts may also include money we’ve been given by other customers
because we also hold their money. This means that your money is held as part of
a common pool of money, so you don’t have a claim against a specific account; your
claim is against the client money pool in general. The client money account(s) will
however, not hold our own money which means that these pooled client money
accounts are kept separate from our own money held with such a bank. If you’ve
given us an investment instruction, your money remains in the client money account
until the deal settles and the money is transferred directly from the client money
account in order to pay the settlement amount. If you’ve given us a sell instruction,
the proceeds of the sale will be transferred directly to the client money account
when the deal settles. For all payments out, your money will remain in a client
money account until you’ve received and cashed any proceeds due to you.
12.3 We’ll use reasonable skill, care and diligence in selecting, appointing and monitoring
an approved bank with whom we deposit your money, but we are not liable for that
bank’s acts or omissions.
12.4 In the event that the approved bank becomes insolvent, your money would be
pooled with the money of our other clients held with the approved bank and any
shortfall would be borne by all of the clients in that pool proportionately. If you
have a shortfall, you may be eligible for compensation under the Financial Services
Compensation Scheme. If we were to become insolvent and there’s a shortfall in
the client money account, any losses will be shared proportionately across all our
customers with money in that account in accordance with CASS.
12.5 In accordance with CASS, we may cease to treat your money as client money when
those balances remain unclaimed where:
a) fees are due and payable to us or a third party. We can use client money to pay
those fees; please see paragraph 18.
b) there’s been no movement on your balance in the client money account for six
years (any payments of charges or receipts of income or similar items will be
disregarded) and:
 (i) where your balance is more than £25, we have taken reasonable steps to trace
you and return the money to you;
 (ii) where your balance is £25 or less, we have made at least one attempt to
return your money using the most up-to-date contact details we hold for you
and not received a response from you within 28 days.
 Unclaimed funds will then be paid to a charity of our choice. However, this won’t
affect your rights to this money at any time in the future. In such circumstances, we
(or an Associate company) will unconditionally undertake to pay you a sum equal to
the relevant client money balance paid away in the event that you seek to claim that
balance in the future.
13 Transfer of business
13.1 Except in respect of FCA de minimis sums transferred in accordance with CASS
(where your consent isn’t required), you agree that as part of a transfer of all or part
of our business to a third party, we may transfer, without your specific consent, any
sums held as client money that relate to the business being transferred:
a) provided that such third party will continue to hold your investment in accordance
with CASS; or
b) where this is not the case, we’ll exercise all due skill, care and diligence in assessing
whether the third party will apply adequate measures to protect your investment.
13.2 We’ll give you 30 days’ prior notice of any transfer, unless it’s impracticable to do so
in the circumstances and in any case, we’ll notify you no later than 7 days after the
transfer takes place.
13.3 For the purposes of this paragraph, the FCA de minimis sum shall mean £25 or less.
14 Adjustments where you hold Fixed Term Investments
14.1 If you hold Fixed Term Investments, your investment is dependent on the exact terms of
the relevant Notes and/or Securities, as described in the relevant prospectus (including
the Final Terms) and Key Information Document for that Fixed Term Investment. While
Fixed Term Investments are designed with the intention of paying the returns specified,
neither we, nor the issuer are able to ensure that such objectives will be met.
14.2 The value of your Fixed Term Investments and any return you may receive is dependent
on the exact terms of issue of the relevant Notes and/or Securities, as specified in the
relevant prospectus (including the Final Terms) and Key Information Document. The
prospectus (including the Final Terms) may contain provisions allowing for:
a) adjustments to the calculation of returns and the timings of any such returns; and
b) the termination of the Notes and/or Securities, including (without limitation) in
circumstances where the issuer of the Notes and/or Securities is in default or is
insolvent or as a result of a materially adverse change in the legal environment.
14.3 Furthermore, where the returns for a Fixed Term Investment are dependent on the
performance of an index, the prospectus (including the Final Terms) and Key Information
Document will contain further details of circumstances under which adjustments to the
calculation of returns or the timings of returns in respect of the Notes and/or Securities
may be required. Any such adjustments may affect the returns payable to you (including
your initial investment) or the dates on which such returns are payable to you.
7
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
14.4 Such events can include, but are not limited to:
a) the calculation or publication of an index level by an index sponsor being
disrupted, altered or delayed;
b) a disruption occurring to any stock exchange to which the index relates;
c) a fundamental change to the method of calculation of an index;
d) an index not being published for a specified number of consecutive days; or
e) the announcement that the publication of an index is to cease.
14.5 Examples of adjustments that may need to be made include, but aren’t limited to:
a) postponing taking the level of an index for the purposes of calculating returns
on the date that such event occurs;
b) using a reasonable alternative method of calculating or estimating the value
of an index; or
c) selecting an appropriate substitute index.
 Full details of the circumstances under which adjustments may be required, and the
manner in which adjustments will be made, are available in the relevant prospectus
(including the Final Terms) for the Notes and/or Securities relevant to each Fixed Term
Investment.
14.6 We are not liable for any losses that you may suffer if any such events or
circumstances arise, except to the extent they occur as a result of our negligence,
fraud or wilful default.
15 Cancellation rights
15.1 When you agree to open an account, or transfer an ISA or make an investment
transaction following the receipt of face-to-face or telephone advice from
a Santander UK plc adviser, you can cancel the opening or transfer of that ISA,
or the transaction within 21 days of receiving the cancellation notice.
 Where the advised transaction that you are cancelling was the first payment
you have made into an ISA in the tax year, then you will not be treated as having
subscribed to the ISA in that tax year.
 If you cancel within the cancellation period set out above, any income or capital gains
made are exempt from Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax.
 If you transfer in your ISA from an existing Provider and subsequently change your
mind and wish to exercise your right to cancel, your existing Provider may not accept
the return of the ISA funds. In this case, you can either continue your ISA with us or
transfer your ISA in full to another Provider. You’ll need to contact your new Provider
to arrange the transfer. If you don’t transfer your ISA in full to another Provider, the
ISA will continue with us.
15.2 If you cancel an account and that is the only account you hold in the Hub, the Hub will
also be cancelled.
15.3 If you cancel your Cash Only Account, the related ISA and/or Investment Account will
be cancelled.
15.4 If the payment being cancelled is the initial payment to establish the Hub Account,
we’ll also cancel the Cash Only Account (that we have automatically opened for you)
and terminate the Hub.
15.5 If the payment being cancelled is the initial payment to establish an ISA and/or
Investment Account within an existing Hub, we’ll also cancel that ISA or Investment
Account. We won’t terminate the Hub.
15.6 If the payment being cancelled is a transaction within an existing Hub Account,
we won’t cancel the account or terminate the Hub.
15.7 If you cancel any Account Investments in your Hub Account (excluding Fixed Term
Investments), you may not get your full investment back, as the amount you get back
will be reduced by any fall in the value of your investment during that period and any
Platform Service Fee incurred (where relevant). If you cancel a Fixed Term Investment,
you’ll receive back your investment in full. Cancellation rights don’t apply to switches.
15.8 If you don’t want to cancel, you don’t have to do anything.
15.9 You can still sell all or part of your Account Investments at any time, as explained in
paragraph 8. However if the sell transaction is outside of the cancellation period or
not processed as a cancellation, this paragraph 15 doesn’t apply.
16 Closing your Hub Account
16.1 We’ll give you three months’ written notice if we decide to stop providing a particular
account in your Hub Account because:
a) we decide in good faith that it is no longer reasonably practical for us to keep
to the Regulations;
b) you fail to provide us with such information and/or documentation as we may
reasonably require in accordance with paragraph 31; or
c) we decide that providing the Hub or managing a particular account on the Hub has
stopped being commercially worthwhile for us.
 During the period of notice you can transfer your ISA and/or Investment Account
to another Provider (please see schedule 3). If you don’t transfer your ISA and/
or Investment Account during the period of notice, we may close your ISA and/or
Investment Account. We will then hold the Account Investments in accordance with
CASS. Any funds removed from your ISA will lose their tax-efficient status.
16.2 We may immediately or at any other time when any of the conditions below apply,
close your Hub Account or any account in your Hub Account, without giving you any
prior notice if:
a) you withdraw or cash in all of the Account Investments;
b) the value of the Account Investments is less than the minimum shown in the
Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document; or
c) we believe this is necessary. We may consider that it is necessary for the following
non-exhaustive list of reasons:
 (i) you’re no longer eligible to have a Hub Account or a particular account in your
Hub Account;
 (ii) you’ve given us false information or have otherwise acted dishonestly in your
dealings with us;
 (iii) you or someone else are using the Hub Account illegally or fraudulently;
 (vi) you behave in a manner that makes it inappropriate for us to maintain your
Hub Account (for example, by abusing people who work for us); or
 (v) you’re seriously or persistently in breach of the Terms and Conditions.
16.3 Where, under 16.1 we’ve decided to close your ISA, we may close your ISA
immediately if you’ve already paid in the maximum amount allowed by the
Regulations during the tax year. Otherwise we’ll wait until the end of the tax year,
in case you decide to make any further payments.
a) If we determine or HMRC tells us that your ISA has or will become ‘void’, we’ll give
you written notice of this straight away, and we’ll have to close your ISA.
b) If we close your ISA, we must follow the relevant Regulations.
16.4 We won’t be liable to you for any loss, liability or damage that you suffer as a result
of closing the Hub Account. We’ll give you all relevant information and certificates
you need that relate to tax under the Regulations. In respect of shares in an OEIC or
units in a Unit Trust and except for any amount we keep under paragraph 18, we’ll
pay the proceeds or transfer the Account Investments to you. In respect of other
Account Investments and except for any amount we keep under paragraph 18, we’ll
pay the proceeds to you.
17 Changing these Terms and Conditions
17.1 We may change or add to these Terms and Conditions at any time in accordance with
this paragraph. We may make a change or addition without giving you prior notice if:
a) you’ll benefit from the change or addition;
b) you’ll take the full benefit whether or not you’ve been told about the change or
addition; or
c) a Regulator makes us make a change or addition at short notice, which means that
we may not be able to give you notice of that change or addition.
17.2 For all other changes or additions, we’ll give you at least 30 days’ notice.
17.3 We may make a change or addition to:
a) reflect an actual, or reasonably expected, change in law or regulation or to our
way of doing business, including the introduction of new technology; or
b) reflect any other actual or reasonably expected change that affects us if it is
 reasonable for us to pass the impact of the change on to you.
17.4 In addition, we may change or add to these Terms and Conditions for any other reason
not stated in these Terms and Conditions. We’ll always give you at least 30 days’
prior personal notice of the change in advance of making the change and we’ll notify
you that the change has been made under this paragraph. If you do not agree with
the change, you may terminate your contract with us without penalty. If you hold
a Fixed Term Investment, terminating your contract with us under this paragraph prior
to maturity may result in you getting back less than you originally invested, and not
receiving any additional returns that you may have received had you not terminated
prior to maturity. Where you’ve given us an email address in your Application we’ll
notify you by email when such notification has been sent to your Document library,
if you’ve agreed to use our paperless service. Following our notification to you and at
any time up to the date on which the change is due to take effect, you may end your
use of the Hub without any extra cost.
17.5 If we change or add to the Terms and Conditions and you don’t want to be bound by
the change or addition, you can transfer your ISA and Account Investments held in an
Investment Account immediately to another Provider (please see schedule 3) and end
your use of the Hub without extra cost.
17.6 If you don’t tell us that you want to end your use of the Hub before the implementation
date of the proposed change, we’ll assume you’ve accepted the change and it’ll take
effect on the date of the proposed change. Our contact details are in paragraph 24.
18 Charges
18.1 Details of the Platform Service Fee (including when it’s calculated and when it’s due
and payable) are set out in the appropriate Santander Investment Hub – Key Features
8
Document. Details of the Fund charges are set out in the Key Investor Information
Document or Key Information Document, where relevant.
18.2 We deduct the Platform Service Fee from the Cash Only Account unless you have
arranged to pay your Platform Service Fee by variable Direct Debit. We can also
use Cash held in your Hub Account and sell Account Investments within the
Investment Account and/or ISA to pay any tax or other amount necessary to HMRC
or other government agencies as requested in relation to your ISA and Investment
Account. If we don’t know how much the tax or other amount will be, we may keep
an amount that we feel is reasonable and appropriate.
18.3 You can arrange for your Platform Service Fee to be paid by variable Direct Debit. To
pay your fees by variable Direct Debit, we will ask you to provide us with a valid email
address. We will notify you of the amount to be collected via email and by adding a
document into your Document library. If you haven’t arranged a variable Direct Debit,
the variable Direct Debit isn’t set up in time or we haven’t been able to successfully
collect your variable Direct Debit, and there is insufficient cash in your Cash Only
Account, you agree that we may sell Account Investments to the value of the amount
owed. Where charges are more than 85% of the Fund’s value, then we may sell all of
your Account Investments in that fund and apply the proceeds towards payment of
these charges. We’ll collect payment in the following order:
a) remaining amounts in your Cash Only Account;
b) cash in your Investment Account;
c) by selling Account Investments in your Investment Account (excluding Fixed Term
Investments);
d) cash in your ISA;
e) by selling Account Investments in your ISA (excluding Fixed Term Investments); and
f) if you have a Fixed Term Investment, from the proceeds of your Fixed Term
Investment at the point of withdrawal, early account closure or maturity.
 We will never sell a Fixed Term Investment during the term to pay for your Platform
Service Fee. If we are unable to collect payment for your Platform Service Fee by
variable Direct Debit or via (a) to (e) above, we may collect any unpaid fees from your
Fixed Term Investment proceeds at the point of withdrawal, early account closure or
maturity.
18.4 If we sell any Account Investments in accordance with the above, we’ll sell the most
recently purchased Account Investment. If you hold a joint Hub Account, we’ll sell
the Account Investments that were most recently purchased in joint names. If we are
unable to sell any Account Investments due to there being restrictions imposed on
the Account Investments (for example, where a fund Provider notifies us that trading
in a fund is suspended), we may not be able to collect payment in the order set out in
paragraph 18.3.
18.5 If we sell any Account Investments in accordance with the above, we won’t send you a
contract note but we’ll inform you of the details via your statements. The statements
will only include completed transactions. Other than for Special Access Accounts, you
can see details of all completed transactions online at any time. For Special Access
Accounts, you will need to call us to request details of any completed transactions that
take place between the dates on which we provide you with statements.
18.6 Note that if Account Investments in an ISA are sold, you’ll lose the tax-efficient
benefits associated with them and you may not be able to replace any amount
withdrawn from your ISA in the same tax year without it counting towards your
annual ISA limits.
18.7 If an Investment Account and/or ISA is closed or transferred out, any Platform Service
Fee owing will be deducted from the proceeds.
18.8 Please refer to the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document for details of
any charge that applies if you don’t use our paperless service.
18.9 You are not required to pay the Platform Service Fee on Fixed Term Investments in
your Hub Account if we’ve moved your Fixed Term Investments to the Investment Hub
and/or you have been notified by us that you are not required to pay this charge for
those Fixed Term Investments. However, you may still be subject to the Platform
Service Fee in respect of any other Account Investments that you hold on the
Investment Hub in accordance with this paragraph 18.
18.10 If you hold more than one Fixed Term Investment in your Hub Account, the Platform
Service Fee owed across all of your Fixed Term Investments may be taken from the
proceeds of any of your Fixed Term Investments on maturity.
19 Changing the charges
19.1 We may change the charges at any time in accordance with this paragraph. We may
make a change without giving you prior notice if:
a) you’ll benefit from the change; or
b) you’ll take the full benefit whether or not you’ve been told about the change.
19.2 If a Regulator requires us to make a change at short notice, we may not be able to
give you prior notice of that change. Otherwise we’ll give you at least 30 days’ notice
of any increase in our charges. If you’re entitled to a longer period for a particular
Account Investment, we’ll give you at least that period of notice.
19.3 We may make a change to our charges to:
a) take account of an actual, or reasonably expected, change in the interest rates we
have to pay, for example as a result of a change to the Bank of England Base Rate; or
b) reflect an actual, or reasonably expected, change in our underlying costs or in law
or regulation or to our way of doing business, including the introduction of new
technology; or
c) reflect any other actual or reasonably expected change that affects us if it is
 reasonable for us to pass the impact of the change on to you.
19.4 We may also change our charges for any valid reason not stated in these Terms and
Conditions. We’ll always give you at least 30 days’ prior personal notice of the change
at the earliest opportunity and we’ll notify you that the change has been made. We’ll
notify you by email when such notification has been sent to your Document library if
you use our paperless service. Following our notification to you and at any time up to
the date on which the change is due to take effect, you may end your use of the Hub
without cost.
19.5 If you don’t tell us that you want to end your use of the Hub before the
implementation date of the proposed change, we’ll assume you’ve accepted
the change and it’ll take effect on the date of the proposed change.
19.6 If we change our charges and you don’t want to be bound by the change or addition,
you can transfer your ISA immediately to another Provider (please see schedule 3)
and end your use of the Hub without cost.
20 If we can’t provide services
20.1 If we can’t provide services because of something beyond our reasonable control
(including strikes, industrial action, pandemics, epidemics or the failure of equipment
or power supplies), we won’t be liable to you for any loss you suffer.
21 Liability
21.1 We aren’t liable to you for errors of judgement or for any other action we have or
haven’t taken, in good faith, in connection with your use of the Hub and the Hub
Accounts within it, unless we’ve defaulted on our obligations or been negligent.
However, nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or restricts any liability
that we may have by law, or as a result of breaking the rules of a Regulator, or
as a result of breaking the Regulations. We don’t provide any assurance to the
performance of Account Investments. We won’t be responsible for any loss of
opportunity through which the value of a Hub Account could have been increased,
or for any reduction in the value of a Hub Account, unless the loss is caused by our
default or negligence.
22 Death
22.1 If you die, we’ll deal with the Account Investments as instructed by your personal
representatives. They must first prove they have authority to give us this instruction.
They can ask us to cash in the Account Investments and pay the proceeds to them in
cash, or they can ask us to transfer the Account Investments to them. We may have
to keep some money under paragraph 18 of the General Terms.
22.2 Please refer to schedule 3, part A for more information about the impact of your
death on an ISA held in the Hub.
23 Statements
23.1 We’ll provide you with a statement four times a year. Each statement will contain
the value of your Account Investments, the basis for valuation and details of any
transactions carried out since:
a) you set the Hub Account up; or
b) the date of the last statement, if this is later.
 Your statement will show the value of your Account Investments that have passed
the trade confirmation date. This is known as a trade date valuation basis.
23.2 If you ask to transfer, withdraw or cash in any or all of the Account Investments, we’ll
provide you with a statement of the value of the relevant Account Investments and
how we have arrived at the value.
23.3 Other than for Special Access Accounts, you can view and download your statements
from your Document Library. If you’ve agreed to use our paperless service, we’ll notify
you by email when a new statement is available to view in your Document library. If
you’ve not signed up for our paperless service or are a Special Access Account, we’ll
send you a paper copy of your statement to your last known address.
24 Notices
24.1 Any notice under these Terms and Conditions must be given, in English, as follows:
a) By you to: Investment Hub, Santander ISA Managers Limited, 287 St Vincent
Street, Glasgow G2 5NB. This address will apply both to us and to Associate
companies; and
b) By us (or a relevant Associate company) to you by email to your email address
registered with the Hub, if you’ve agreed to use our paperless service, or if you’ve not
signed up to our paperless service, to your last known address. Notices sent to you will
also be filed in your Document library.
9
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
24.2 We or the Associate company will send a personal notice to you. We or an Associate
company may also display general notices in Santander branches or on our website.
25 Your address
25.1 The postal address you give us must be the address of your permanent home and
will be the one we send any letters to. You must tell us straight away if you change
either your postal or email address and we may ask you to confirm it in writing.
26 Telephone conversations and electronic communications
26.1 To help us improve our service and meet our regulatory obligations we may record or
monitor phone calls and electronic communications. Where such records exist, you
have the right to request a copy of these records by writing to Data Subject Access
Requests, Santander UK plc, PO Box 111, Bradford, BD1 9NQ.
27 Making a complaint
27.1 If for any reason you’re unhappy with the service we’ve provided then please contact
our dedicated complaints department on 0800 171 2171. We will aim to provide you
with a decision as quickly as we can. Our Complaints Leaflet is available upon request
and contains further information on our complaints process, including the handling
timescales. This information is also available on our website at santander.co.uk.
You may also be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Details of how to complain to the Financial Ombudsman Service are available at:
financialombudsman.org.uk.
28 The Financial Services Compensation Scheme
28.1 We are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). You may
be eligible to compensation from the scheme if you have a valid claim against us
in respect of investment business and we cannot meet our obligations to you. This
applies to us, SIM, however please note that in the event of the insolvency of any of
the Providers you may not be covered by the FSCS.
28.2 For full details on what compensation cover applies to your Account Investments,
including the maximum scheme limit in place available under the FSCS, please refer
to the relevant Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document, Product Guides
or contact the FSCS at www.fscs.org.uk or 0800 678 1100.
 In this paragraph “investment business” includes where contractual arrangements
are such that cash is held in connection with investing in stocks and shares.
29 Governing law
29.1 These Terms and Conditions are governed by whichever of the following is more
favourable to you:
a) the laws of Scotland; or
b) the laws of the jurisdiction within the United Kingdom where you lived when this
Agreement was made.
29.2 You and we agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts within
the United Kingdom where you lived when this Agreement was made.
29.3 The Terms are in English and all communications we send to you will be in English.
30 Conflict of Interest Policy
30.1 Our Conflict of Interest Policy is designed to help identify potential conflicts of
interest that may arise. You can find a copy on santander.co.uk/personal/savingsand-investments/investments/fees-charges-and-key-documents under the
heading ‘Other documents’.
31 Your information
31.1 We may at our discretion specify such information and/or documentation as we may
reasonably require in order to accept your Application or to continue to manage an
existing Hub Account. If you do not provide such information and/or documentation,
we may decide not to accept the Application or to close your Hub Account in
accordance with paragraph 16.
Schedule 1: Accessing the Hub
1 Additional definitions
 In addition to the terms defined earlier, words in this schedule 1 have the following
meanings:
Nominated user
A person who:
a) has been authorised by you in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; and
b) has complied with the requirements of these Terms and Conditions and with any
other requirements that we shall specify from time to time.
Online Banking service
 Means the Online Banking service provided by Santander UK plc through which you
can find the link for accessing the Hub.
Security Details
 Means the security information you’ll need to access the Online Banking service.
The terms relating to this security information are contained in the separate Online
Banking Service Terms and Conditions provided by Santander UK plc (as amended
from time to time).
2 Accessing the Hub
2.1 When you register for the Hub (other than if you solely hold Special Access Account(s)),
if you’re a new investment customer, or were an existing investments customer
before the Hub was available, we’ll send you your Security Details for the Hub and
separate Security Details for the Online Banking service. If you already use Online
Banking, you can use your existing Security Details.
2.2 Other than for Special Access Account(s), you can use the Hub to carry out the
operations set out below. Please note that this list isn’t exhaustive:
a) View the value of your Investment Account(s) and/or ISA and the balance allocated
to your Cash Only Account;
b) View transactions from your Investment Account(s) and/or ISA;
c) Transact on an execution-only basis;
d) Access information relating to your investments.
 Special Access Accounts are not able to access or use any of the services provided by
the Hub online, but can make enquiries in relation to their Special Access Accounts
by phone or by writing to us. Special Account Accounts can only give instructions by
writing to us.
2.3 We may, from time to time, advise you of changes to the way in which you should
access or operate the Hub and it is important that you take account of these changes.
2.4 Third parties may be provided with access to your accounts including Santander UK plc
in connection with any advisory services you receive.
3 Security, Privacy and Data Protection
3.1 Please note, to help prevent unauthorised persons from being able to access
information concerning your Hub Account and to give instructions in relation to your
Hub Account online, it’s very important that you follow the security procedures set out
in the Security Policy, which can be found at:
santander.co.uk/uk/online-mobile-banking-commitment
 When you use the Hub online, we may automatically collect and store certain
information in server logs, including but not limited to internet protocol (IP)
addresses; internet service provider (ISP); clickstream data; browser type and
language; viewed and exit pages; and date or time stamps, which we use for internal
reporting and audit purposes. Please refer to the Privacy Statement, which can be
found at santander.co.uk/personal/support/customer-support/legal-information
4 Availability of the Hub
4.1 General Availability
 The Hub will generally be available for use 24 hours a day.
4.2 Suspension of the Hub
a) We may have to suspend the Hub if we need to address technical or security problems
and we’ll use reasonable endeavours to restore the service as soon as reasonably
practicable. We’ll let you know in advance if this happens, unless the problem is
urgent or an emergency (we’ll notify you as soon as reasonably practicable). We
won’t be liable to you for the unavailability of the Hub during suspension.
b) Your individual use of the Hub may be suspended if:
 (i) we have concerns about the security of the Hub;
 (ii) we suspect your use of the Hub has been fraudulent or is being conducted
in an unauthorised way;
 (iii) we are required by the Rules and Regulations to do so;
 (iv) we don’t hold details of your correct address.
5 Paperless service
5.1 This paragraph applies if you’re using the paperless service available via the Hub.
Other than for Special Access Accounts, when you open a Hub Account, you will
automatically receive a paperless service unless you opt out. Where a Hub Account
is operated jointly both of you need to opt out of the paperless service. Special Access
Accounts can’t opt into the paperless service.
5.2 Where you are opted into the paperless service, you agree that documents may
be sent to you electronically and to your Document library. We won’t send you
statements or correspondence for the Hub Account and investment services by post
unless you ask us to start sending you paper statements and/or correspondence again.
5.3 If you intend to close an account you use our paperless service for, please make sure
you print copies for your records before you do so, as you’ll no longer be able to
access your Hub Document Centre once the account is closed.
5.4 You can ask us to start sending your correspondence in paper and by post, at any time
10
by changing your preferences on the Hub. Special Access Accounts can only receive
correspondence from us in paper and by post.
5.5 Please refer to the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document for details
of any charge that applies if you are not opted into our paperless service.
6 Using the Hub
6.1 Protecting against computer viruses
 You must take reasonable measures to ensure that any system you access the Hub
through is free of computer viruses and adequately maintained so that you can
use the Hub safely and without interruption. As the Hub is accessed through the
internet (a public system we have no control over, which is susceptible to viruses,
security breaches and other incursions by unauthorised third parties), any computer
or other device you use to access the Hub must have adequate, up-to-date anti-virus
protection software.
6.2 Use of other people’s equipment
You must not access the Hub using any computer or other device you don’t own,
unless you get permission from the owner first. You’ll be responsible for all losses
suffered or incurred by us as a result of your breach of this requirement. We can’t
accept responsibility for computer and other equipment (such as mobile or tablet
devices, routers or other networking equipment), which you use to access the Hub.
6.3 Access through the services of third parties
 We are not liable for third parties’ services used to access the Hub that are beyond
our reasonable control (such as your internet service provider). We aren’t liable for
any loss you suffer as a result of using any such services. You must comply with all
terms of business applying to any such service and pay any charges in connection
with each such service. You must compensate us for any loss we suffer as a result
of you using any such services.
6.4 Accessing the Hub from abroad
 If you want to use the Hub when you’re temporarily outside the UK, it’s your
responsibility to make sure that your ability to use the Hub is permitted by the local
laws of any country you access the Hub from, and we aren’t liable for any losses you
suffer as a result of not being able to use the Hub in other countries.
 We use encryption techniques, which may be illegal in jurisdictions outside the UK.
 In addition, there are restricted territories from where it is not permissible to access
or transact on the Hub.
6.5 Accuracy of information
 We’ll take reasonable care to make sure that any information provided to you
through the Hub is an accurate reflection of the information we have in our computer
systems, or that we receive from third parties. In order to see the most up-to-date
information available, you may need to refresh your screen from time to time. Where
the accuracy or provision of the information provided via the Hub is beyond our
reasonable control (such as where it’s provided by a third party), we can’t guarantee
that it is accurate or error free.
7 Liability in connection with the Hub
7.1 This paragraph details your and our liability in respect of the Hub. This is in addition
to our liability to you in the General section of these Terms and Conditions and in the
Online Banking Terms and Conditions.
7.2 Our liability to you
 We are responsible for losses you suffer as a result of our negligence or wilful breach
of the terms in this schedule 1. We may be responsible for other losses, but only
if the losses are a reasonably foreseeable consequence of those events. We aren’t
responsible for indirect losses – those that happen as a side effect of the main loss
and which aren’t reasonably foreseeable by you and us (such as loss of profits or loss
of opportunity). In particular, the loss we won’t be liable for includes, but isn’t limited
to loss or damage resulting from:
a) any incompatibility between your system and the Hub;
b) any machine, system or communication failure, industrial dispute or other
circumstances beyond our control leading to the total or partial unavailability of the
Hub or to instructions given under the Hub not being acted upon promptly or at all;
c) any reliance by you on financial information (e.g. the details of account balances or
the price of an investment) provided to you as part of, or by means of, the Hub (this
is in part because there are limits on the quality of information we can supply);
d) any misuse of your Hub Account(s) by yourself or any other person; or
e) any access to information about your Hub Account(s) obtained by any third party
as a result of you or any person authorised to use the Hub in connection with your
Hub Account(s) using the Hub (other than where such access is obtained as
a result of our negligence or wilful default).
7.3 Your liability to us
 You’ll be responsible to us for any loss we suffer as a result of any fraudulent breach
by you or where you intentionally or gross negligently fail to comply with these
Terms and Conditions. We won’t be responsible to you if you don’t keep your Security
Details safe or if you fail to notify us if you suspect that someone else may know your
Security Details.
Schedule 2: Investment Services
1 Transactions
1.1 We may delay, suspend or refuse to carry out or allow any transaction if we aren’t
reasonably satisfied that:
a) the transaction is legal or we have reasonable cause to believe that the proposed
transaction may constitute market abuse or market timing;
b) it is allowed by the Rules and Regulations;
c) it is you who has asked for it or authorised it (in other words, we may ask you
to prove your identity); or
d) we’ve verified your bank account details, including where there has been a change
to your bank account details.
2 Account Investments
2.1 Other than for Special Access Accounts, the Account Investments available to you can
be found by accessing the Hub online.
2.2 Where available to us from the relevant fund manager, we’ll provide to you the
Key Investor Information Document or Key Information Document, where relevant,
for each Fund on the Hub. We aren’t responsible for the content or accuracy of
documents provided by any Provider.
2.3 We may add Account Investments or Funds to the range of investments available for
investment from time to time. In certain circumstances we may withdraw an Account
Investment or Fund from the range of investments available for future investment.
We may limit the range of investments available to you on the Hub from time to time
depending on your type of account on the Hub.
2.4 If you’ve invested in an Account Investment that is then withdrawn, we’ll notify you
of this change and explain how this may affect you. Any existing regular investments
that you make may be redirected into the cash in your ISA and/or cash in your
Investment account (as appropriate). In exceptional circumstances, we may remove
your holdings in a withdrawn Account Investment from the Hub by selling your
Account Investments or re-registering those Account Investments into your own
name or into the name of another nominee.
2.5 If we’re notified by a Provider that a Fund is to be wound up, where you hold Account
Investments in such a Fund, we’ll give you as much notice as practicably possible
with details of the options available to you.
2.6 If we’re notified by a Provider that a Fund is to be closed to new investment, while
you can continue to hold your Account Investments in that Fund, you won’t be able
to make any further investment in that Fund.
3 Buying and selling Account Investments
3.1 If you wish to buy Account Investments, you need to ensure that we receive your
instructions before the dealing cut-off point for that Account Investment (as stated in
the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document or the relevant Fixed Term
Investment Product Guide) and ensure that we are holding sufficient cleared funds
from you. If you hold a Special Access Account, you cannot give us instructions to buy
Account Investments that you do not already hold.
3.2 It can take 10 Working days to set up a new Direct Debit instruction. Direct Debit and
debit card payments can take up to three Working days from receipt to become cleared
funds. Proceeds from cheque payments will not be available until we have received
confirmation that the cheque has cleared.
3.3 During the clearance periods stated in paragraph 3.2, you won’t be able to withdraw
this money. No interest will be accrued on any uncleared funds. Where you give us
an instruction after the dealing cut-off point, or before the dealing cut-off point but
sufficient funds have not cleared, in either case we will not execute your instruction on
that day and will not be liable to you for failing to do so.
3.4 If the Account Investments are in Funds, and we receive your cleared funds before the
dealing cut-off point, we’ll normally buy shares or units at the price worked out at the
next valuation. If we receive your instruction to sell before the dealing cut-off point,
we’ll normally sell shares or units at the price worked out at the next valuation. You’ll
find details of the arrangements and pricing for buying, selling and switching of Funds
in the relevant Key Investor Information Document or Key Information Document,
where relevant, and the relevant Prospectus. These documents can be found on the
Investment Hub or via the fund managers’ website.
3.5 If we receive an instruction from you to sell shares and/or units in a particular Fund
(including by way of a switch or an ISA transfer out) and a previous instruction by you
to buy shares and/or units in that same Fund has not been settled yet by the Provider,
or a previous sell instruction has not yet settled or there is a pending transaction on
your shares and/or units in that same Fund for the payment of a fee, we may not be
able to place your subsequent sell instruction until such time as it has.
3.6 For Fixed Term Investments, we will hold any money received as cash in your ISA
and/or Investment Account up until the payment is due to Santander UK plc for the
Notes and/or Securities. This cash will not be used for the purposes of paying for any
Platform Service Fee owed. We will not use any interest paid on this money to buy
more Notes and/or Securities. You’ll find details of the arrangements for buying and
selling Fixed Term Investments in the relevant Product Guide.
11
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
3.7 If you wish to close a Fixed Term Investment plan early, we’ll aim to sell the relevant
Notes and/or Securities in your Hub Account on your behalf. Only whole numbers
of Notes/Securities can be cashed in. Withdrawal from the plan will depend on us
being able to sell the Notes and/or Securities on your behalf. Please refer to the Best
Execution Policy for details on how we will carry out these transactions. This can be
found in the Investment Hub - Key Features Document. Assuming we are able to sell
the Notes and/or Securities on your behalf, we will carry out your instructions within
five working days.
3.8 The proceeds from a sale will only be available to you when we have received
the sale proceeds from the Provider. This will not apply where we sell Account
Investments to pay for any Platform Service Fee owed.
3.9 Some Funds and Fixed Term Investments may have a minimum deal size. We reserve
the right to reject your instruction if the minimum aggregated trading amounts
from all customers who want to deal in that Fund, on that day, are not achieved.
If we reject an instruction we’ll return your money to the cash in your ISA and/or
Investment Account.
3.10 We may not be able to execute transactions to sell your Account Investments where
there are restrictions imposed by the funds and/or Fixed Term Investments you’re
invested in (for example, where a fund Provider notifies us that trading in a fund is
suspended).
3.11 Where we receive a pooled amount of money in respect of Account Investments held
by you and others, we will allocate this in what we consider is a fair and equitable
manner. This pooled amount can arise as a result of selling Account Investments,
including following a corporate action. This may mean that the amount allocated
to you is rounded up or down to the nearest penny. This might result in a residual
amount that cannot be fairly allocated between customers. In such circumstances
we may retain this residual amount.
3.12 Where we are required to allocate a pooled number of shares/units between the
customers that hold those Account Investments, we will do in what we consider is a
fair and equitable manner. This pooled number of shares/units can arise as a result of
buying Account Investments, including following a corporate action. This may mean
that the number of shares/units are rounded up or down to the smallest fraction of
share/unit available. This could result in residual entitlements that cannot be fairly
allocated between customers. In such circumstances we may elect to sell the residual
entitlement and retain the proceeds.
4 Switching
4.1 You can ask us to carry out a switch, that is to sell some or all of the shares or units in
one Fund, and use the proceeds to buy shares or units in another Fund:
a) from one investment to another inside an Investment Account;
b) from one investment to another between Investment Accounts inside the Hub; and
c) from one investment to another inside an ISA.
4.2 Switching will also depend on any restrictions shown in your Santander Investment
Hub – Key Features Document. We’ll send you confirmation of the switch within
2 Working days of doing it.
4.3 You can’t switch out of, or into, a Fixed Term Investment.
5 Who owns the Account Investments?
5.1 You own the Account Investments either directly or indirectly, as explained in these
Terms and Conditions. You aren’t allowed to transfer your rights to the Account
Investments to any other person.
6 Who holds the Account Investments?
6.1 We hold the Account Investments on your behalf and, in this regard we are known
as your custodian. The Nominee will be the registered owner of your Account
Investments where applicable. We or the Nominee will hold all certificates and other
documents relating to this. We’ll accept liability for any default of the Nominee that
affects you. We can’t lend the Account Investments to anyone else and we can’t
borrow money against the security of those investments.
6.2 We can appoint sub-custodians and we will comply with the requirements of the
Rules when we do so. Such sub-custodians may take what is known as a ‘lien’ or
‘power of sale’ over Account Investments held with them which means that they
can use such Account Investments to cover any non-payment of fees due to them.
7 Your rights as a ‘beneficial owner’
7.1 If you hold an Investment Account, we will not ordinarily tell you about any shareholder
and/or unitholder meetings that you can attend. Either we or the Nominee will hold the
voting rights in relation to your shares and/or units. However, we may seek your direction
regarding any vote and will act on your instructions if you provide any. If you don’t vote or
provide us with your instructions, we or the Nominee may vote on your behalf.
7.2 If you hold an ISA, you can ask us to tell you about any shareholder and/or unitholder
meetings that you can attend. Either we or the Nominee will hold the voting rights
in relation to your shares and/or units. On your request, we will seek your direction
regarding any vote and will act on your instructions if you provide any. If you don’t vote
or provide us with your instructions, we or the Nominee may vote on your behalf.
7.3 The Prospectus, Annual Report and Accounts for any of the Funds are available from
the relevant fund manager’s website. You can write to us to ask for copies of these
documents, or any other information issued by any Provider of Account Investments.
8 Contract notes
8.1 For Account Investments, a contract note will be issued for:
a) all lump sum investments or withdrawals you make (including switches), and
b) on the first occasion of any regular investments or regular withdrawals you make.
The contract note will show you the price dealt at and the date of transaction and will
be issued on the first business day following receipt of confirmation.
8.2 A contract note will not be issued for other transactions that include, but are not
limited to:
 a) any payments from income that you have chosen to be automatically reinvested
to buy more Account Investments in the same Fund,
b) any investments sold to pay for any Platform Service Fee owed, and
c) on the subsequent occasions of any recurring investments or withdrawals.
 Other than for Special Access Accounts, details of these completed transactions can
be viewed online at any time.
8.3 If you’ve invested in a Fixed Term Investment, we’ll issue confirmation on maturity
and provide details of the maturity.
9 Best Execution Policy
9.1 Our Best Execution Policy describes how we will execute transactions on your behalf.
You can find a copy in your Document Library on the Investment Hub.
Schedule 3: Investment Products
Part A: The ISA
1 Opening an ISA
1.1 This is a stocks and shares ISA
1.2 In order to open the ISA, you must complete an Application (which includes an ISA
declaration confirming your eligibility to subscribe to an ISA) and provide us with such
information as we reasonably request to enable us to open the ISA and provide you
with the service.
1.3 We reserve the right to reject any Application.
1.4 To open and maintain an ISA, you must:
a) be at least 18 years old; and
b) be a resident in the UK or, if you are not a resident in the UK, be a Crown employee
serving overseas (for example HM Armed Forces) or their spouse or civil partner.
 Should you, at any time, fail to meet the criteria in this paragraph we won’t accept
subscriptions into your ISA. Where you notify us that there has been a change to your
residential address to a non-UK address, we will stop any further subscriptions into
your ISA until we are satisfied that you’re eligible to make subscriptions into an ISA.
1.5 An ISA cannot be opened as a joint account or in trust.
1.6 The ISA will be, and must remain in, your beneficial ownership and must not be used
as security for a loan.
2 Appointment
2.1 You appoint us as the account manager for your ISA. We’ll operate your ISA in
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Rules and the Regulations.
You authorise us to undertake on your behalf, and as your agent, any functions we
are required to perform for this purpose. You appoint us as your custodian to hold
the Account Investments in your ISA on your behalf.
3 Paying into your ISA
3.1 You must make payments into your ISA with your own money. Your payments must
not be less than any minimums stated in the Santander Investment Hub – Key
Features Document or Product Guides and not go over the limits laid down in the
Regulations. In addition, the remaining balance must stay above the amount stated
in the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document or Product Guides.
We reserve the right to satisfy ourselves that you have used your own funds.
3.2 The Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document explains how you can pay
into your ISA.
3.3 If you don’t pay into your ISA during a tax year and want to pay in a following tax year,
you’ll need to make a fresh Application before we can accept your further payment.
This is a requirement of the Regulations.
3.4 You can also sell Account Investments in your Investment Account and use the
proceeds to pay into your ISA by reinvesting the proceeds into the same Account
12
Investments, or other investments of your choice. Any such proceeds from an
Investment Account paid in to your ISA will count towards the annual ISA subscription
limit. You must already have an ISA open on the Hub to do this. You can choose
whether to do this immediately and/or in advance for the start of the next tax year,
subject to the amount being contributed in this way not exceeding the relevant year’s
annual ISA limit. Any advance instruction to do this for the next tax year may be
based on this year’s limit if next year’s limit hasn’t been announced yet or hasn’t been
updated on our system.
3.5 Amounts allocated to cash in your ISA will count towards your annual ISA limit,
unless the payment is received from within your Stocks and Shares ISA.
4 Transfers in
4.1 By completing an ISA transfer in application, you can transfer all or part of an existing
ISA from another Provider to SIM. You can ask us whether any existing investments in an
ISA you hold with the other Provider can be transferred into your ISA without first being
sold, by re-registering them in the name of the Nominee. This will depend on whether
the existing investments are available on the Hub. As part of this process, we may
convert your holdings into a cheaper share class of the same fund, if one is available
on the Hub. Please contact us on 0800 328 1328 if you want to find out about this. The
transfer will depend on the other Provider agreeing.
4.2 Alternatively, if you’re transferring an existing stocks and shares ISA, an innovative
finance ISA or a Lifetime ISA that contains a stocks and shares element, to us, and it
has not been possible to re-register your holdings or where you’ve chosen to transfer
by cashing in your holdings, we’ll ask your existing ISA Provider to sell any existing
investments and transfer the proceeds to us. Transfers made in this way from another
ISA will be allocated as cash in your ISA. You can then decide where to invest this money.
5 Transfers out to another Provider
5.1 You may at any time, transfer all or part of your ISA to another ISA Provider in accordance
with the Regulations relating to transfers. You can request that the transfer be by way
of re-registration and we’ll arrange for your Account Investments to be transferred out
of your ISA without first being sold, by re-registering them in the name of the new
Provider or nominee. The transfer will depend on the other Provider agreeing. Where
your holdings are in a share class that is not offered by the new Provider, we may need
to convert your holdings into a different share class of the same fund, which may have
higher charges, in order to re-register them to the new Provider.
5.2 Alternatively, we’ll cash in relevant Account Investments before the transfer. We’ll
normally do this within 5 Working days of receiving the request from your new ISA
Provider, however, you may request a date after this period if you like. Under the
Regulations, we can take up to 30 days to do this. The transfer will depend on the
other Provider agreeing.
5.3 If you hold Notes or Securities, we’ll cash in relevant Account Investments before the
transfer. It’s not possible to transfer these by re-registration.
5.4 Except for any amounts we keep under paragraph 18 of the General Terms, we’ll pay
the proceeds or transfer your Account Investments to the other Provider on a date we,
you and the other Provider agree. If we subsequently receive any income in respect of
Account Investments that are no longer held within your ISA and you remain entitled
to that income, we’ll attempt to pay that income to the other Provider or to you. Any
money removed from your ISA will lose its tax-efficient status.
6 Tax
6.1 You don’t have to pay tax on the income and capital gains of Account Investments in
an ISA, as long as we and you keep to the Regulations. This exemption may change in
the future.
6.2 In the event of death the tax-efficient benefits of the ISA will continue until the
estate is settled, the account is closed or 3 years has elapsed since the date of death,
whichever is the earliest.
7 Taking your Account Investments out of the ISA
7.1 If your Account Investments are in Funds, you can ask us, at any time, to transfer the
Account Investments out of the ISA to you. This may be affected by any money we keep
under paragraph 18 of the General Terms. You’ll no longer be exempt from tax on the
Account Investments once we’ve transferred them to you. Under the Regulations, we
can take up to 30 days to process your request to take money out of your ISA.
8 Death
8.1 In the event of death the tax-efficient benefits of the ISA will continue until the estate is
settled, the account is closed or 3 years has elapsed since the date of death, whichever
is the earliest. If you die, we’ll deal with the Account Investments as instructed by your
personal representatives. They must first prove they have authority to give us this
instruction. They can ask us to cash in the Account Investments and pay the proceeds to
them in cash, or they can ask us to transfer the Account Investments, out of the ISA, to
them. We may have to keep some money under paragraph 18 of the General Terms.
8.2 No subscriptions or ISA transfers are allowed following your death. Please note
 this doesn’t impact Additional Permitted Subscription transfers by spouses/registered
civil partners when an ISA holder dies. Please refer to the Santander Investment Hub –
Key Features Document for further information.
9 ISA wrap
9.1 If you instruct us to perform an ‘ISA wrap’ this involves us selling Account Investments
in a nominated Investment Account and then moving the proceeds to cash in your ISA.
Once in your ISA, we use this money to buy back the same investments in the same
proportions. The selling and re-buying of your investments will not fully complete for
a number of days. Due to market movements you may receive more or less shares/
units than you previously held in your Investment Account.
9.2 If the Account Investments that are sold in your Investment Account are sold at a
higher price than you paid for them, you may have to pay Capital Gains Tax on the
gain you have made.
9.3 Where the amount that you have chosen to ISA wrap means that over 85% of the
value of an individual Fund would be sold, then we will sell all your shares/units in
that Fund. Any surplus cash that is above the amount that you have chosen to ISA
wrap will be held as cash in your Investment Account.
Part B: Investment Account
1 Opening an Investment Account
1.1 In order to open an Investment Account, you must complete an Application and
provide us with such information as we reasonably request to enable us to open
the Investment Account and provide you with the service.
1.2 We reserve the right to reject any Application. We may not open your Investment
Account until you’ve provided us with all information which we consider relevant to it.
1.3 To open and maintain an Investment Account you must:
a) be a UK resident;
b) be at least 18 years of age.
 Should you, at any time, fail to meet the criteria in this paragraph we won’t accept
subscriptions into and may close your Investment Account.
1.4 Your Investment Account will be in your sole name or may have one other person as
a joint holder.
1.5 You may set up multiple Investment Accounts.
2 Appointment
2.1 We’ll operate your Investment Account in accordance with these Terms and
Conditions. You authorise us to undertake on your behalf, and as your agent, any
functions we’re required to perform for this purpose. You appoint us as your custodian
to hold the Account Investments in your Investment Account on your behalf.
3 Paying into your Investment Account
3.1 Your payments must not be less than any minimums stated in the Santander Investment
Hub – Key Features Document or Product Guide. In addition, the remaining balance
must stay above the amount stated in the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features
Document or Product Guide.
3.2 The Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document explains how you can pay
into an Investment Account.
4 Tax
4.1 If you invest in an Investment Account, depending on your personal circumstances,
you may have to pay Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax on some or all of any income
or gains you receive. For Fixed Term Investments, this will be payable in the tax year
in which you cash in all or part of your plan and/or when your Fixed Term Investment
matures.
4.2 Capital Gains Tax may arise on gains when you cash in all or part of your investment,
your Fixed Term Investment matures or if you switch between Funds.
4.3 Income Tax may be payable on any interest or interest distributions received.
Please refer to the Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document for
further information.
4.4 We do not provide any legal, investment or tax advice. You should seek specialist tax
advice if you are unsure of your individual tax obligations.
4.5 You are wholly responsible for managing your tax commitments and paying any
additional liabilities. Levels of taxation, tax relief and allowances are subject to
change.
5 Re-registration
5.1 You may also transfer investments you hold elsewhere into your Investment
Account. You can ask us whether the existing investments you hold with another
Provider can be transferred into your Investment Account without first being sold, by
re-registering them in the name of our Nominee. This will depend on whether the
existing investments are available on the Hub. As part of this process, we may convert
your holdings into a cheaper share class of the same fund, if one is available on the
Hub. Please call us on 0800 328 1328 if you want to find out about this.
5.2 It’ll normally take us up to 5 days from the date we receive your transfer request to
complete the transfer of your investment. However, the time period for completing
this may depend on your previous Provider and the time it takes them to send across
investments to us.
13
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
5.3 Where you ask us to do so, we can arrange for Account Investments to be transferred
out of your Investment Account and re-registered into your name or into the name of
another Provider or nominee. We can only do this if the new Provider agrees. Where
your holdings are in a share class that is not offered by the new Provider, we may
need to convert your holdings into a different share class of the same fund, which
may have higher charges, in order to re-register them to the new Provider.
5.4 If we subsequently receive any income in respect of Account Investments that are no
longer held within your Investment Account and you remain entitled to that income,
we’ll attempt to pay that income to the other Provider or to you.
Schedule 4: Model Portfolio
Service
This Schedule is divided into two parts:
¡ Part A – Model Portfolio Service
¡ Part B – Transitional Terms for Premium Investments customers in the Model Portfolio
Service
Part A: Model Portfolio Service
1 Definitions
In this Schedule:
Adviser
 Your allocated Santander UK plc adviser who provides you with Financial Planning
Services and who can change from time to time. Amongst other obligations,
Santander UK plc advisers will assess which Model Portfolio or Model Portfolios are
suitable for you as part of the Financial Planning Services provided to you.
Advisory Service Fee
 The charges for the initial advice provided by Santander UK plc in its Financial Planning
Services. You pay the Advisory Service Fee directly to Santander UK plc. Your Santander
UK plc Adviser will provide you with details of this fee.
Charges
 These are the charges payable in connection with this Service and Your Portfolio
which include:
¡ the Advisory Service Fee;
¡ the Platform Service Fee;
¡ the Model Portfolio Service Fee;
¡ the Ongoing Adviser Services Fee; and
¡ the Ongoing Charge Figure.
For further information on these charges, please refer to paragraph 11.
Financial Planning Service
 The services your Adviser provides to you. The ongoing adviser services are provided
as part of this Financial Planning Service. These services are governed by separate
terms and conditions and other disclosure documentation provided by Santander
UK plc.
Key Features Document
 The Santander Investment Hub – Key Features Document (including Fees, Charges
& Interest rates and Best Execution Policy) which sets out additional information in
relation to this Service.
Model Portfolio
 An allocation of reference investments and cash decided on and constructed at
a model level by the Model Portfolio Manager in order to achieve an investment
strategy, to reflect a certain risk profile, time horizon and cost parameters as set out
in the Model Portfolio Management Agreement agreed between Santander UK plc
and the Model Portfolio Manager and reflected in the Model Portfolio Factsheets. For
example, a Model Portfolio may be created that is suitable for a target market with
a medium attitude to risk and will, therefore, reference investments and, potentially,
cash in relevant proportions that suit a medium attitude to risk.
Model Portfolio Management Agreement
 The agreement between Santander UK plc and the Model Portfolio Manager to
provide discretionary model portfolio management services on the Model Portfolios
in compliance with all applicable law and regulations. The Model Portfolio Manager
is responsible for the construction of the Model Portfolios and determination of the
Rebalancing Rules, in accordance with the investment strategies as set out in the
Model Portfolio Management Agreement agreed between Santander UK plc and the
Model Portfolio Manager.
Model Portfolio Manager
 A firm authorised and regulated to manage investments by the FCA and, for the
Model Portfolio Service, appointed to provide model portfolio management services
such as asset allocation, the selection of underlying investments and determining the
Rebalancing Rules. For this Service, the sole model portfolio manager is Santander
Asset Management UK Limited, or another Associate company. The Model Portfolio
Manager has been appointed by your agent, Santander UK plc, to manage the Model
Portfolios in accordance with the investment strategies as set out in the Model
Portfolio Management Agreement agreed between Santander UK plc and the Model
Portfolio Manager. The Model Portfolio Manager selects assets and manages the
Model Portfolio(s) for the benefit of Santander UK plc (acting as your agent). The
Model Portfolio Manager does not select the assets or manage Your Portfolio
specifically for you.
Model Portfolio Service or the Service
 The service of providing Model Portfolios so your Adviser can advise you which Model
Portfolio Your Portfolio should reference. This service has been arranged and created
by Santander UK plc and the Model Portfolio Manager working together. The Model
Portfolios are discretionarily managed by the Model Portfolio Manager only.
Model Portfolio Service Fee or MPS Fee
 This fee is charged by the Model Portfolio Manager to Santander UK plc (as your
agent) for managing the Model Portfolios, including researching investment markets
and using their expertise to select what reference investments comprise the different
Model Portfolios on a discretionary basis. We facilitate your payment of this fee to
Santander UK plc (as your agent) for onward payment to the Model Portfolio Manager.
Ongoing Adviser Services Fee
 The charges for the ongoing adviser services, provided by Santander UK plc in its
Financial Planning Services which covers the cost of services such as query handling,
checking the suitability of Your Portfolio and recommending and arranging changes
to which Model Portfolio(s) Your Portfolio references. We facilitate the payment of
this fee on your behalf to Santander UK plc.
Ongoing Charge Figure
 The Ongoing Charge Figure is an industry standard measure of the management
and operational charges in connection with each investment within Your Portfolio(s),
which are charged by the Providers of those investments.
Platform Service Fee
 Our fee for hosting, operating and servicing Your Portfolio on the Hub. This covers
activities including administration, customer services, safe custody, online services
and reporting.
Portfolio Cash
 Cash within Your Portfolio as part of the investment strategy for the Model Portfolio.
This money is classified as client money. Please refer to paragraph 12 of the General
Terms for detail of the client money arrangements.
Rebalancing
 This is the process by which Your Portfolio is adjusted back to reference the asset
allocation of the relevant Model Portfolio because Your Portfolio has become
misaligned from it to the extent that the Rebalancing Rules are triggered. There are
two possible causes of this misalignment:
 firstly if the Model Portfolio Manager has used their discretion to change the
reference assets and/or allocation in the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio
references;
 secondly if the value of Your Portfolio Assets drift from the composition of the
reference allocation of the relevant Model Portfolio (because price fluctuations
in the value of Your Portfolio Assets alter the proportion that each of Your
Portfolio Assets represent within Your Portfolio).
 This process may also occur for Your Portfolio if the Model Portfolio Manager
determines in its discretion that a manual Rebalancing should occur.
 All Rebalancing activity involves the purchase and/or sale of Your Portfolio Assets,
which can have tax implications as explained in paragraph 13.4.
Rebalancing Rules
 These are the rules that determine when Your Portfolio needs to be automatically
Rebalanced if it has become misaligned from the relevant referenced Model
Portfolio.
 The Rebalancing Rules set out the extent to which the composition of Your Portfolio
is permitted to misalign from the composition of the relevant Model Portfolio before
it needs to be Rebalanced. For example, these rules might say that where a particular
investment held in Your Portfolio is outside a set percentage of its proportion in
comparison to the relevant Model Portfolio, Your Portfolio is rebalanced back to
reference this Model Portfolio. When Rebalancing occurs, Your Portfolio as a whole
will reference the relevant Model Portfolio, not only the part that was misaligned.
 These rules are determined by the Model Portfolio Manager, in accordance with the
terms of the Model Portfolio Management Agreement between Santander UK plc
and the Model Portfolio Manager, and can be amended from time to time. Santander
UK plc may provide input and/or be consulted on these rules. SIM monitors Your
Portfolio for compliance with the Rebalancing Rules.
14
Santander UK plc
 Santander UK plc – who provides the Financial Planning Services to you. Santander UK
plc has arranged for this Service to be available and has created the Model Portfolios
working together with the Model Portfolio Manager. Santander UK plc has, as your
agent, appointed the Model Portfolio Manager to manage the Model Portfolios.
Summary of Instructions and Declaration(s) Document
 This is the document entitled “Summary of Instructions and Declaration(s)” where
you confirm that you want the Model Portfolio Service and give your Adviser the
authority to set up Your Portfolio on the Hub and provide authority to Santander
UK plc, as your agent, to act on your behalf in relation to Your Portfolio as further
described in these Terms and Conditions.
Your Portfolio
 The portfolio as shown in your account on the Hub. Your Portfolio refers to a portfolio
in a specific account on the Hub that references a specific Model Portfolio. You
may have more than one of these if you have portfolios in more than one account,
or if you have portfolios that reference different Model Portfolios. The mix of Your
Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash held in Your Portfolio can differ from the Model
Portfolio over time because of price fluctuations in the value of Your Portfolio Assets,
which will alter the proportion that each of Your Portfolio Assets represents within
Your Portfolio. Your Portfolio may be Rebalanced. Please see the definitions of
Rebalancing and Rebalancing Rules for more information.
Your Portfolio Assets
 These are the assets that can be held within Your Portfolio including Investments
(as defined in the General Terms, excluding Fixed Term Investments) as well as
Exchange Traded Funds and Instruments, Structured Products, and other tradable
investments. This may include Funds where the Model Portfolio Manager, or other
companies within the Santander Group, are the fund manager. This definition
excludes any client money held within Your Portfolio. Please refer to the definition of
Portfolio Cash for more information.
We (and us)
 This has the same definition as set out at paragraph 1 of the ‘Important Information’
section of the General Terms. In addition to the services that we perform noted there,
in the context of this Service, our role also includes hosting, operating and servicing
Your Portfolio on the Hub. This covers activities including administration, customer
services, safe custody, online services and reporting.
2 This Schedule
2.1 This Schedule sets out the additional terms and conditions in connection with
us hosting the Service and operating and servicing Your Portfolio(s) on the Hub.
2.2 As Your Portfolio(s) are held in an Investment Account and/or an ISA on the Hub,
all of the General Terms and those in Schedule 1 (Accessing the Hub), Schedule 2
(Investment Services) and Schedule 3 (Investment Products) apply unless they are
altered by the terms in this Schedule.
2.3 This Schedule does not set out the terms and conditions that apply to the Financial
Planning Services in connection with this Service. You will need to review and agree
to be bound by the separate terms that apply to the Financial Planning Services
which you can obtain from your Adviser. Note: The Model Portfolio Service is not
available to you if you do not agree to receive the Financial Planning Services
from Santander UK plc. The reason for this is that your Adviser needs to assess
whether the Service is suitable for you and whether Your Portfolio(s) continue
to be suitable for you on an ongoing basis.
3 The Service and responsibilities
3.1 This Model Portfolio Service is created and arranged by Santander UK plc and the
Model Portfolio Manager. This means that your Adviser can provide you with Financial
Planning Services and, where appropriate, can enable you to benefit from the skills
of a model portfolio manager. Each Model Portfolio is created using a different
investment strategy as set out in the Model Portfolio Management Agreement agreed
between Santander UK plc and the Model Portfolio Manager.
3.2 There are a number of parties involved in providing this Service to you, namely:
¡ SIM
¡ Santander UK plc
¡ The Model Portfolio Manager
¡ The Nominee
SIM
3.3 SIM:
a) hosts the Service on the Hub;
b) sets up Your Portfolio within your ISA and/or Investment Account;
c) allows you (other than for Special Access Accounts) and your Adviser to view
Your Portfolio(s) on the Hub;
d) as broker, receives, handles, creates and executes orders in accordance with
instructions set by the Model Portfolio Manager to ensure that Your Portfolio(s)
align with the Model Portfolio that it references. This role includes monitoring
Your Portfolio to determine when to Rebalance Your Portfolio(s) based on the
Rebalancing Rules set by the Model Portfolio Manager;
e) facilitates the payment of certain fees in connection with this Service;
f) administers Your Portfolio, including for example the provision of statements,
reports and other regulatory notifications;
g) provides custody of Your Portfolio Assets and holds your Portfolio Cash as client
money; and
h) is the ISA Manager for any investments you hold in the Stocks and Shares ISA.
 For the avoidance of doubt, SIM does not provide you with discretionary ‘portfolio
management’ services and does not exercise any discretion over the assets that may
form part of the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio will reference on the Hub. SIM will
only provide you with the services set out in this paragraph 3.3, as may be amended,
from time to time.
Santander UK plc and its Advisers
3.4 Santander UK plc:
a) has jointly developed the Model Portfolios with the Model Portfolio Manager
by agreeing the overall objectives of each of the Model Portfolios and their
risk, cost and time horizon parameters in the Model Portfolio Management
Agreement. Whilst, Santander UK plc is not involved in the day-to-day discretionary
management of the Model Portfolios in any way, it may provide input and/or be
consulted on the Rebalancing Rules, which are set by the Model Portfolio Manager
in accordance with the parameters in the Model Portfolio Management Agreement;
b) acts as your agent to appoint the Model Portfolio Manager to manage the Model
Portfolio(s) which Your Portfolio(s) reference. Following this appointment, the Model
Portfolio Manager will provide us with instructions for each Model Portfolio and its
related Rebalancing Rules. We will create and execute orders for Your Portfolio in
accordance with the instructions for the Model Portfolio and its related Rebalancing
Rules that Your Portfolio references, and give directions in relation to Corporate
Actions. See paragraph 3.8 for information on what ‘acting as agent’ means;
c) provides ongoing adviser services to you as part of the Financial Planning Services
to ensure that the Service is appropriate for you and that the Model Portfolio(s)
that Your Portfolio(s) reference are suitable for you; and
d) acts as your agent to give us instructions in relation to Your Portfolio. For example,
your Adviser will instruct us which Model Portfolio Your Portfolio should reference.
They will also instruct us if the Model Portfolio which Your Portfolio references
should be changed to a different Model Portfolio and whether you wish to hold
Your Portfolio in an ISA and/or an Investment Account.
 For the avoidance of doubt, Santander UK plc will not provide you with ‘portfolio
management’ services and does not exercise any discretion over the assets that may
form part of Your Portfolio on the Hub. Santander UK plc will only provide you with
the services set out above in paragraph 3.4, as may be amended, from time to time.
3.5 By signing the Summary of Instructions and Declaration(s) Document:
a) you appoint Santander UK plc as your agent in relation to Your Portfolio – this
means they can give instructions to us on your behalf amongst other items; and
b) you acknowledge that Your Portfolio(s) will reference Model Portfolio(s) which are
discretionarily managed by the Model Portfolio Manager and appoint Santander
UK plc as your agent to select and appoint the Model Portfolio Manager and
instruct the Model Portfolio Manager to use us as their broker.
3.6 As part of the initial Financial Planning Service, you will be advised whether the
Service is appropriate for you and which Model Portfolio(s) are suitable for you based
on your investment needs, objectives, investments time horizon and attitude to risk.
It is your Adviser’s responsibility to ensure that any Model Portfolio that is selected
for Your Portfolio to reference is suitable for you. As part of the ongoing Financial
Planning Services, your Adviser will seek to periodically (i.e. at least annually) assess
whether the Model Portfolio(s) that Your Portfolio(s) references remain suitable for
you or whether it needs to reference another Model Portfolio.
The Model Portfolio Manager
3.7 The Model Portfolio Manager is appointed by Santander UK plc (acting as your agent)
to manage the Model Portfolios on a discretionary basis. This means that the Model
Portfolio Manager has the discretion to choose the mix of reference investments and
cash and percentage allocation of assets for a Model Portfolio provided they are within
the investment objective, strategies and restrictions jointly set by Santander UK plc and
the Model Portfolio Manager in the Model Portfolio Management Agreement. Although
Your Portfolio on the Hub will show Your Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash held in
Your Portfolio, the Model Portfolio Manager does not manage this specific collection of
investments/cash for you and has no access to, or visibility of, Your Portfolio.
Santander UK plc acting as your agent
3.8 It is important to note that you are not the client of the Model Portfolio Manager
and you do not have any direct contractual relationship with them. In accordance
with FCA rules, the Model Portfolio Manager treats Santander UK plc (acting as your
agent) as its client, not you. What this means in practice is that the Model Portfolio
Manager does not owe any regulatory duties to you directly, but to Santander UK plc.
15
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
Notwithstanding that the Model Portfolio Manager treats Santander UK plc (as its
client) differently from how it would treat you (as a retail client), the Model Portfolio
Manager has agreed with Santander UK plc that it will ensure that each of the Model
Portfolios are suitable for retail clients.
 The Model Portfolio Manager will only provide any required regulatory reporting
or notifications to Santander UK plc (as its client). Notwithstanding this, in order to
ensure that you receive relevant information in relation to the Service, SIM will take
responsibility for ensuring that you receive the reports and notifications that you
would otherwise receive if Santander UK plc was not acting as your agent. Please
note that contract notes will not be sent to you for any instructions that SIM execute
in relation to Your Portfolio(s).
3.9 The Model Portfolio Manager has sole responsibility for setting the Rebalancing
Rules in accordance with the terms of the Model Portfolio Management Agreement
between Santander UK plc and the Model Portfolio Manager. Santander UK plc may
provide input and/or be consulted on these rules.
3.10 Santander UK plc (acting as your agent) gives the Model Portfolio Manager the
authority to provide us with instructions for each Model Portfolio and its related
Rebalancing Rules. We will create and execute orders for Your Portfolio(s) in
accordance with the instructions for the Model Portfolio(s) and its related Rebalancing
Rules that Your Portfolio(s) reference. Your Adviser will instruct us which Model
Portfolio(s) Your Portfolio(s) should reference.
3.11 The Model Portfolio Manager is not responsible for the suitability of the Service for
you, nor the suitability of Model Portfolio(s) for you. In addition, the Model Portfolio
Manager can’t change the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio(s) reference from one
Model Portfolio to another - only your Adviser can do this with your agreement.
3.12 We will provide the Model Portfolio Manager with certain aggregated information for
reasons related to the ongoing management of the Model Portfolios including the
aggregated value of all portfolios referencing a particular Model Portfolio, and other
relevant information from time to time. We do not provide them with any of your personal
data or any data, or information, specific to Your Portfolio on a disaggregated basis.
The Nominee
3.13 The Nominee plays the same role as set out in the General Terms.
Your responsibilities
3.14 You have the following responsibilities:
a) you must ensure that you are eligible and remain eligible at all times – see
paragraph 4 for eligibility criteria;
b) you must have a Santander UK plc Adviser. If you no longer wish to have a
Santander UK plc Adviser, you must notify us. For further information on the
impact of this for you and Your Portfolio, please refer to paragraphs 18 and 19;
c) you must pay the Charges and comply with these Terms and Conditions;
d) you must have an ongoing Financial Planning Service and engage with that service.
This is required to ensure that Your Portfolio remains suitable for you. If you cancel
the ongoing Financial Planning Service or you do not engage with that service, the
Service may be withdrawn (please refer to paragraphs 17 and 18); and
e) you must notify your Adviser promptly if your circumstances change. This may
mean that what is suitable for you changes and therefore the Adviser may need to
reassess the suitability of Your Portfolio.
4 Eligibility
4.1 This Service is only available to you if you meet all of the following criteria:
a) all of the eligibility criteria for the Hub set out in the ‘Important Information’
section of the General Terms;
b) you have a Santander UK plc Adviser and have agreed to receive initial and ongoing
Financial Planning Services in connection with this Service. Note: You cannot have
this Service if you do not receive initial and ongoing Financial Planning Services;
c) you meet any minimum investment amounts in order to have this Model Portfolio
Service. Your Adviser will tell you of these and they are contained in the Key
Features Document;
d) you give us any information we reasonably require to operate Your Portfolio. For
example, information to help us comply with anti-money laundering regulations
and guidance;
e) you are investing in Sterling; and
f) Your Portfolio must not fall below the minimum operating balance. This is found in
the Key Features Document.
4.2 If at any time, you do not satisfy any of the criteria above, you must notify us
immediately. We reserve the right to withdraw the Service. Please refer to paragraph
17.5 for more information.
5 Your Portfolio
5.1 Your Portfolio will be set up and you will be bound by the terms in this Schedule 4
when (i) we receive confirmation from your Adviser that you have agreed to act upon
the advice and invest your money by reference to a Model Portfolio and (ii) we have
received valid payment (as described in the General Terms).
5.2 We will act on instructions from your Adviser (acting as your agent) on which Model
Portfolio(s) Your Portfolio(s) will reference and whether Your Portfolio(s) will be
shown in your Investment Account or your ISA, or both.
5.3 You are the beneficial owner of Your Portfolio Assets as shown in Your Portfolio. Your
Portfolio Assets are registered in the name of the Nominee as set out in the General
Terms. Please note that we hold Portfolio Cash as client money. Please see the
General Terms for terms on client money.
5.4 Unless you already have other accounts on the Hub, simultaneous with creating Your
Portfolio we will also open a Cash Only Account. See the General Terms for terms
relating to the Cash Only Account.
Joint Accounts
5.5 You can hold Your Portfolio on a joint basis with one other individual provided that
the Investment Account which shows Your Portfolio is also held on a joint basis. Your
Portfolio cannot be held on a joint basis where you wish to hold it in an ISA. See
paragraph 9 of the General Terms for more information.
6 Your Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash
6.1 The range and mix of Your Portfolio Assets and/or Portfolio Cash in Your Portfolio will
depend on the Model Portfolio that it references.
6.2 There are risks associated with investing and these largely depend on Your Portfolio
Assets. For more detailed information please refer to the Factsheet(s) for the Model
Portfolio(s). If there is anything that you do not understand or agree with, you should
discuss this with your Adviser before investing.
6.3 The range of assets, investments and securities that could be used to create
a Model Portfolio are determined by the decisions of the Model Portfolio Manager,
in accordance with the investment strategies agreed with Santander UK plc in the
Model Portfolio Management Agreement and the criteria we pre-set so that they can
be held on the Hub. This means that you cannot request that Your Portfolio includes
a particular asset, investment or security.
6.4 The fact that we show Your Portfolio Assets in Your Portfolio does not imply that we
consider them to be suitable for your needs. It is your Adviser’s responsibility to ensure
that Your Portfolio is suitable for you.
6.5 You cannot transfer in assets held in a different/third party account, even if those
assets are the same as those referenced in the Model Portfolio.
7 Making payments in
7.1 When we are instructed by your Adviser to create Your Portfolio by reference to
a Model Portfolio, or where you are investing more money into Your Portfolio, you
must ensure there is sufficient cleared cash in your Cash Only Account. We are not
liable for any loss you may suffer due to a delay in processing instructions where
there is insufficient cleared cash in your Cash Only Account. Once cleared cash is
available, we will act on the Adviser’s instructions. See the General Terms for further
information on how to make payments in.
7.2 You can invest more money into Your Portfolio(s) at any time subject to the annual
ISA subscription limit if you are paying into Your Portfolio held within an ISA. You can
do this via your Adviser who will discuss the options with you. You may be charged
an Advisory Service Fee (which is separate from your Ongoing Adviser Services
Fee), where you receive advice from your Adviser for a further investment into Your
Portfolio(s). If you invest more money into Your Portfolio, we will purchase additional
investments for Your Portfolio, so as to align Your Portfolio closer with the relevant
Model Portfolio that it references. You cannot request that we purchase a specific
investment for Your Portfolio(s).
8 Taking money out
8.1 You can take money out of Your Portfolio(s) at any time by going through your Adviser,
who can discuss the options with you. You can, subject to paragraph 8.2 below, take
out a specific cash value, a percentage of Your Portfolio’s value or by setting up a
regular withdrawal. You will need to discuss the impact of this with your Adviser first.
8.2 Although you can take money out, to still be eligible for this Service you must keep
the total combined value of Your Portfolio(s) at, or above, the minimum operating
balance at all times as set out in the Key Features Document. In addition, where you
are taking a partial withdrawal, you cannot take money out where this would result
in more than 85% of Your Portfolio’s value being taken. This restriction is there to
prevent you from selling more of Your Portfolio Assets than are available in Your
Portfolio if the price of Your Portfolio Assets drops between the time you give us an
instruction and the time the instruction is processed.
8.3 Where your Adviser (acting as your agent) instructs us to take money out of Your
Portfolio, we will sell Your Portfolio Assets or take out Portfolio Cash, so as to align
Your Portfolio(s) closer with the relevant Model Portfolio that it references. You cannot
request that we sell a specific investment from Your Portfolio(s). The amount you get
may be affected by any money we keep under paragraph 11 of this Schedule.
8.4 We will normally process instructions within 5 Working days of receiving correct
instructions but your Adviser (acting as your agent) can ask us to process the
instruction at a later date if you like. Where Your Portfolio is shown in your ISA, under
the Regulations, we can take up to 30 days to process your instruction. Any money
removed from your ISA will lose its tax-efficient status. If you choose to repay the
withdrawal into your ISA it will count towards your current tax year ISA allowance.
16
8.5 You can choose for the proceeds to remain in the ISA and/or Investment Account in
which they sit, or you can allocate them to your Cash Only Account in the Hub; or have
them paid out of the Hub to a nominated bank account of your choice.
 Flexible features don’t apply to withdrawals from the ISA. This means you can’t
replace any money withdrawn from your ISA in the same tax year without it counting
towards your annual ISA limits.
9 Your Adviser and instructions to us
9.1 Your Adviser acts as your agent for this Service and Your Portfolio(s) and acts as the
main point of contact between you and us in relation to this Service and Your Portfolio.
You appoint them as your agent in the Summary of Instructions and Declaration(s)
Document to:
a) give instructions to us to create Your Portfolio(s) by reference to particular Model
Portfolio(s), to change the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio(s) references to
a different Model Portfolio when agreed and to invest more money into Your
Portfolio or take money out and where to pay the proceeds;
b) access the Hub and view Your Portfolio to assess its suitability for you as part of
the ongoing Financial Planning Service; and
c) provide information to us on your behalf, including changes in your personal
details, for example a change of address.
9.2 If you wish to change your Santander UK plc Adviser to an adviser who is not part of
Santander UK plc, see paragraph 19.
9.3 We are not responsible to you for any instructions that your Adviser gives to us
without your authority; instead your Adviser is responsible to you.
10 The Model Portfolio Manager
10.1 Santander UK plc, acting as your agent, has appointed the Model Portfolio Manager
on your behalf to manage the Model Portfolios and, by signing the Summary of
Instructions and Declaration(s) Document, you acknowledge their appointment to this
role. As part of the Financial Planning Services, your Adviser is responsible for ensuring
suitability of the Model Portfolio(s) for you and will explain the different investment
strategies for the Model Portfolios, which the Model Portfolio Manager has been
appointed to achieve.
10.2 Only Santander UK plc, as your agent, can appoint a different discretionary model
portfolio manager in connection with the Service.
10.3 If you no longer wish to have the Model Portfolio Manager managing the Model
Portfolio(s) which Your Portfolio references, this Service will terminate so that
you hold Your Portfolio Assets directly on the Hub. See paragraph 17 for further
information.
10.4 We are not responsible to you for any activities undertaken by the Model Portfolio
Manager: they are responsible to Santander UK plc under the Model Portfolio
Management Agreement.
11 Fees and Charges
11.1 You agree to pay the Charges. Further detail on each ongoing Charge is set out below.
Please note that the details of the initial Advisory Service Fee will be explained to you
separately as part of the advice process. The actual value of each Charge is set out in the
relevant documents listed below. All fees are inclusive of VAT where this is payable and
this will be indicated in the relevant document listed below. All ongoing Charges are
accrued daily but payable as set out below and/or in the Key Features Document. The
Charges can be amended from time to time as set out in the General Terms.
Platform Service Fee
11.2 The terms relating to the Platform Service Fee are set out in paragraph 18 of the
General Terms with the following changes:
a) as we base the Platform Service Fee on the total value of your Investment Hub
Account, this will include the value of Your Portfolio(s) (which includes Your
Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash);
b) as we exclude any cash held in the Cash Only Account and cash in your ISA and/
or Investment Account which is not held in Your Portfolio(s) from the calculation
of the Platform Service Fee, if you no longer have this Service, Portfolio Cash will
no longer be included in the total value of your Investment Hub Account for the
purposes of calculating the Platform Service Fee as this will then be held as cash
in your ISA and/or Investment Account;
c) notwithstanding paragraph 18 of the General Terms, where the variable Direct
Debit isn’t set up in time or where the variable Direct Debit has been set up but it
has not been successfully collected, and there is insufficient cash in your Cash Only
Account, we will collect the fee in the following order:
 (i) from cash in your Investment Account;
 (ii) by selling Account Investments in your Investment Account;
 (iii) by selling Your Portfolio Assets and using Portfolio Cash held in your
Investment Account;
 (iv) from cash in your ISA;
 (v) by selling Account Investments in your ISA; and
 (vi) by selling Your Portfolio Assets and using Portfolio Cash held in your ISA.
 When Your Portfolio Assets are sold or Portfolio Cash is deducted, this will be done in
a way that ensures that Your Portfolio aligns closer with the relevant Model Portfolio
that it references. This means that even if there is Portfolio Cash in Your Portfolio, we
may not automatically take the Portfolio Cash (and not also Your Portfolio Assets)
where this would result in Your Portfolio not continuing to align with the referenced
Model Portfolio.
 Note that if any investments are sold, or cash is removed from an ISA you’ll lose the
tax-efficient benefits associated with them and if repaid back into your ISA will count
towards your current tax year ISA allowance.
MPS Fee
11.3 The MPS Fee is charged by the Model Portfolio Manager to Santander UK plc (as your
agent) for the costs incurred in managing the Model Portfolio(s) which Your Portfolio(s)
reference. The MPS Fee is calculated based on the overall value of Your Portfolio(s),
including any Portfolio Cash. As Santander UK plc is acting as your agent, it collects the
fee from you to pay it to the Model Portfolio Manager. We facilitate the payment of
this fee by you to Santander UK plc who can then (as your agent) pay it to the Model
Portfolio Manager. The fee collection process is the same as described for the Platform
Service Fee in paragraph 11.2. If you’ve chosen to pay your Platform Service Fee by
variable Direct Debit, this fee will also be taken by variable Direct Debit. The fee is
payable monthly. The amount of this fee is set out in the Key Features Document. The
fee includes VAT, where VAT is payable.
Ongoing Adviser Services Fees
11.4 The Ongoing Adviser Services Fees are charged by Santander UK plc for the ongoing
services provided by your Adviser including advice you receive as part of your Financial
Planning Services. This includes (i) checking the suitability of Your Portfolio(s), (ii)
recommending changes to the Model Portfolio(s) which Your Portfolio(s) reference,
and (iii) arranging for those changes to be made to Your Portfolio(s) to ensure it remains
suitable for you. The fee is calculated based on the overall value of Your Portfolio(s),
including any Portfolio Cash. We facilitate your payment of this fee to Santander UK plc
by applying the same fee collection process as described for the Platform Service Fee
in paragraph 11.2. If you’ve chosen to pay your Platform Service Fee by variable Direct
Debit, this fee will also be taken by variable Direct Debit. The fee is payable monthly.
The indicative value (including any minimums and maximums) is set out in separate
documentation provided by Santander UK plc and confirmed in the Summary of Costs
and Charges section in the Suitability Report that your Adviser will provide to you. The
fee includes VAT, where VAT is payable.
Ongoing Charge Figures from the manufacturers of Your Portfolio Assets
11.5 Charges apply in respect of the underlying investments in Your Portfolio Assets which
include annual management charges in relation to Funds and other fees and charges
that are incurred in the operation of the Funds. The overall level of these charges are
set out in the Factsheet(s) for the Model Portfolio(s) which Your Portfolio references
and explained in the Key Features Document. The value of Your Portfolio Assets
reflects these charges. We do not receive any payments (or rebates) in respect of
these underlying investments in Your Portfolio Assets.
12 Interest on your Portfolio Cash
12.1 All Portfolio Cash is held as client money. The interest rate applicable to Portfolio
Cash is set out in the Key Features Document. The Model Portfolio Manager will not
take into account this interest when exercising its discretion in relation to the Model
Portfolios.
12.2 For terms relating to interest on your Portfolio Cash, see paragraph 5 (Interest) of the
General Terms.
13 Changing the reference Model Portfolio, monitoring Your Portfolio and
Rebalancing
13.1 As part of your ongoing Financial Planning Service, you may be advised that the Model
Portfolio(s) that Your Portfolio(s) is referencing is no longer suitable for you and that
a different Model Portfolio is suitable for Your Portfolio(s) to reference. If you agree
with this advice, your Adviser will instruct us to make the change. You cannot give us
instructions to do this without advice from your Adviser. If you don’t agree with this
change this may mean that the Model Portfolio(s) that Your Portfolio(s) reference are
no longer suitable for you – see paragraph 18 for the consequences of this.
13.2 As the broker for the Model Portfolio Manager, we monitor Your Portfolio to determine
whether the Rebalancing Rules are triggered for Your Portfolio, or whether we have
received instructions from the Model Portfolio Manager that a manual Rebalance of
Your Portfolio(s) should occur.
13.3 If we receive instructions from your Adviser, acting as your agent, to change the Model
Portfolio(s) that Your Portfolio(s) reference to a different Model Portfolio, or if there is
a Rebalancing triggered for Your Portfolio, we will create and execute orders to buy
and/or sell investments to ensure that Your Portfolio continues to be aligned with the
relevant Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio references.
13.4 Where we create and execute orders to sell some of Your Portfolio Assets in order
to buy others in order for Your Portfolio to continue to be aligned with the relevant
Model Portfolio that it references, we will use the proceeds from the selling
transaction to buy other assets for Your Portfolio. This process can have the following
consequences:
17
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
a) you may incur a tax liability on the sale of the investments;
b) your investment value may be lower following any transfer as a result of the
difference in the price that we receive for selling your investments and the price we
have to pay to buy the required investments – this is known as the bid-offer spread;
c) the money involved in these transactions won’t be invested in assets on the financial
market for as long as this process takes. This means that the market may have
moved by the time we use the cash proceeds to buy the investments required.
 Your Adviser will consider all of the above when providing their initial advice to you on
whether the Model Portfolio Service is suitable for you. Please note that the Model
Portfolio Manager will not consider items a) to c) above when setting the Rebalancing
Rules for the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio references.
14 Custody of Your Portfolio Assets
14.1 We hold Your Portfolio Assets shown in Your Portfolio as your custodian in compliance
with CASS and they are registered in the name of the Nominee. For terms relating to
the Nominee and the custody of Your Portfolio Assets, see the General Terms.
15 Financial Services Compensation Scheme
15.1 The same FSCS coverage as set out in the General Terms applies.
16 Executing instructions
16.1 We execute all orders as part of the Service in accordance with our Best Execution
Policy. See paragraph 9 of Schedule 2.
16.2 Depending on the timing of confirmation receipts, there is the possibility that the
investments bought or sold for Your Portfolio may not receive the same execution
price for the resulting purchases as other customers of the Santander Investment Hub
outside of this Service receive.
17 Ending the Service
Cancellation
17.1 You are able to cancel your investment in accordance with paragraph 15 of
the General Terms.
17.2 On receipt of instructions from your Adviser to cancel, we will sell all of Your
Portfolio Assets. Once cleared, we will add the Portfolio Cash to the amount of the
proceeds and return it to you. The amount you get back will reflect any increase or
decrease in the value of your investment during that period and any ongoing fees
incurred. Cancellation rights don’t apply to any transactions that have occurred due
to Rebalancing or from changing the Model Portfolio that Your Portfolio references.
You terminating the Service
17.3 If you no longer wish to have Your Portfolio referencing a Model Portfolio, you can
terminate the Service at any time by contacting your Adviser. If you choose to exercise
this right, the following happens:
a) we will remove Your Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash from being shown in Your
Portfolio and instead show them as investments and cash in your Investment
Account and/or your ISA as applicable.
b) the name of Your Portfolio will no longer be seen when you log into the Hub;
c) Your Portfolio will no longer be identified separately in your Hub statements;
d) your Adviser will cease the ongoing Financial Planning Services. The Adviser
Charges will cease and we will facilitate the payment on your behalf of the last
Ongoing Adviser Services Fee up until the date the Service is terminated to your
Adviser;
e) we will no longer monitor, as broker for the Model Portfolio Manager, Your
Portfolio’s compliance with the Rebalancing Rules;
f) we will calculate the MPS Fee until the date the Service is terminated and we will
facilitate your payment of this fee from Your Portfolio to Santander UK plc (as your
agent) for onward payment to the Model Portfolio Manager (in accordance with
paragraph 11.3 above).
17.4 The investments will be held in your ISA and/or your Investment Account, and will no
longer be subject to the terms in this Schedule 4. Please refer to the General Terms
and Schedules 1, 2 and 3 for the terms and related fees that will apply. In addition:
a) we are not required to assess the appropriateness of those assets for you;
b) your Adviser is not liable for the suitability of those assets for you;
c) the assets will be held in the Hub Account (and outside the Service), and you take
sole responsibility for the suitability of holding these assets and any decisions in
relation to selling, holding or buying more of those assets will be on an execution
only basis;
d) where any of these assets that are now held outside the Service are not
categorised as ‘non-complex’ (this has a particular regulatory meaning and we,
SIM, will determine whether the investments are non-complex or not) (Complex
Investments), you will not be able to make additional investments into those
Complex Investments without undergoing an appropriateness assessment. This
means that, without an appropriateness assessment, you can hold Complex
Investments on the Hub but you will only be able to give us instructions to
sell these Complex Investments. Instructions to buy more of these Complex
Investments will not be permitted. We, SIM, are not liable to you in any way for
the appropriateness of these Complex Investments held on the Hub before
you sell them. We, SIM, are also not responsible for any investment loss from
any Complex Investments. In exceptional circumstances, we may remove your
holdings in a Complex Investment from the Hub by selling your investments or
re-registering those investments into your own name or into the name of another
nominee; and
e) separately, some of these assets that are now held outside the Service have
eligibility criteria which is specific to the asset. Where you are not eligible, we
may restrict these investments and you may only be able to give us instructions to
sell your investments in any such assets, or in exceptional circumstances, we may
remove your holdings in an investment from the Hub by selling your investments
or re-registering those investments into your own name or into the name of
another nominee.
When we may close Your Portfolio and/or end the Service
17.5 We can close Your Portfolio and/or end the Service in the circumstances set out in
paragraph 16 of the General Terms and in the following circumstances:
a) where you are no longer eligible – see paragraph 4 of this Schedule 4 for the
eligibility criteria;
b) where we are instructed by your Adviser that you have terminated the ongoing
Financial Planning Services with them or you are not engaging with them in the
ongoing Financial Planning Services such that they cannot provide the services to you;
c) where the value of Your Portfolio is not at or above the minimum operating
balance;
d) where we take a commercial decision (acting reasonably) not to offer the Service
anymore.
 When this occurs, we will give you advance notice and will follow the steps in
paragraph 17.3 a) to f) above.
17.6 Where Santander UK plc or the Model Portfolio Manager takes a commercial decision
(acting reasonably) not to offer a particular Model Portfolio or the Service anymore,
we will notify your Adviser. Your Adviser will get in touch with you in accordance with
paragraph 13 (Changing the reference Model Portfolio, monitoring Your Portfolio
and Rebalancing) above to discuss which other Model Portfolios may be suitable for
Your Portfolio to reference. If you do not wish to switch Your Portfolio to reference a
different Model Portfolio, we will follow the steps in paragraph 17.3 a) to f) above.
18 Ceasing Financial Planning Services
18.1 The Model Portfolio Service is offered exclusively to customers who use the ongoing
adviser services as part of the Financial Planning Services of Santander UK plc. You are
able to stop paying for, and using, the ongoing adviser services but, if you do so, the
Model Portfolio Service will also stop. This is because the suitability of Your Portfolio
for you needs to be assessed and Santander UK plc has this obligation. If you wish to
cease the ongoing adviser services in the Financial Planning Services, this Service will
terminate so that you hold Your Portfolio Assets directly on the Hub. See paragraph 17
above for further information.
19 Changing Adviser
19.1 The Model Portfolio Service is offered exclusively to customers who use the ongoing
adviser services of Santander UK plc. As such, you cannot appoint an adviser who is
not a Santander UK plc Adviser whilst retaining the Model Portfolio Service.
19.2 You can change to an adviser who is not a Santander UK plc Adviser, but this Service
will terminate so that you hold Your Portfolio Investments on the Hub, but not in Your
Portfolio. See paragraph 17 above for further information. You may also, if you wish,
re-register the investments to another platform, if they accept them. Please refer to
Schedule 3 Part B paragraph 5.
20 Statements, reports and contract notes
20.1 The value of Your Portfolio Assets and Portfolio Cash will be shown in your periodic
statements, which we’ll provide you with four times a year – see the General Terms
for the detail on your statements. In addition, other than for Special Access Accounts,
you can access the Hub at any time to view the value of Your Portfolio. Special Access
Accounts can contact us at any time by phone or by writing to us to ask for the value
of their Portfolio on the Hub.
20.2 We will provide you with notifications in relation to Your Portfolio so that you and your
Adviser can see where there has been a drop in the value of Your Portfolio. Please
refer to the Santander Investment Hub - Key Features Document for details of these
notifications.
20.3 Confirmation of all instructions that we execute in our role as broker for this Service
will be provided to the Model Portfolio Manager. Contract notes will not be sent to
you for any instructions that we execute in relation to Your Portfolio(s). However, other
than for Special Access Accounts, you can see details of all completed transactions
online at any time.
21 Corporate Actions
21.1 From time to time, some of Your Portfolio Assets may have Corporate Actions that
18
occur in relation to them. Our Nominee passes those Corporate Actions to the Model
Portfolio Manager who may take action themselves or may provide guidance on what
action the Nominee should take (if any).
21.2 If a Corporate Action:
a) results in a change to Your Portfolio that triggers the Rebalancing Rules, we will
Rebalance;
b) creates, as a result of the Corporate Action, an investment in Your Portfolio
Assets that is not eligible to be held on the Hub, we reserve the right to sell this
investment and Rebalance Your Portfolio.
21.3 We will not forward company reports which detail the performance and other information
relating to Your Portfolio Assets to Santander UK plc or the Model Portfolio Manager.
21.4 We will not contact you or your Adviser regarding shareholders’ or unit holders’
meetings or to vote.
22 Dividends and other distributions
22.1 Where Your Portfolio references a non-income paying Model Portfolio, income
generated by Your Portfolio Assets will be collected by us and kept as Portfolio Cash
pending Rebalancing.
22.2 Where Your Portfolio references an income paying Model Portfolio, income generated
by Your Portfolio Assets will be paid to you in accordance with your instructions as set
out in the General Terms, paragraph 6.1.
23 Tax
23.1 We do not provide you with any legal, investment or tax advice. Please ask your
Adviser or other suitably qualified professional for advice specific to your individual
circumstances.
23.2 You are wholly responsible for managing your tax commitments and paying any
additional liabilities. Levels of taxation, tax relief and allowances are subject to
change.
24 Death
24.1 The General Terms apply save that, subject to paragraph 24.2, upon notification of
death from your Adviser or legal representative(s):
a) we will freeze Your Portfolio. This means that:
 (i) we will not accept instructions in relation to Your Portfolio from your Adviser or
legal representative(s) including instructions to withdraw or invest more money;
 (ii) Your Portfolio will continue to be exposed to movements in the market and
may fall in value as well as rise; and
 (iii) any regular instructions that your Adviser had given us prior to your death
will cease;
b) the Platform Service Fee will stop accruing from that date;
c) the ongoing Financial Planning Services will cease. The Ongoing Adviser Services
Fee will stop accruing from that date. We will facilitate this final payment to your
Adviser;
d) The MPS Fee will stop accruing from that date. We will facilitate this final payment
to Santander UK plc (your agent) for onward payment to the Model Portfolio
Manager (in accordance with paragraph 11.3 above);
e) Your Portfolio Assets will be held in the same way as other investments on the
Hub which are not within this Service, and we will not monitor these assets for
compliance with the Rebalancing Rules. This avoids ongoing tax events occurring;
f) we will remove the Portfolio Cash from being shown in Your Portfolio and instead
it will be added to the cash in your ISA and/or cash in your Investment Account,
depending on where Your Portfolio was originally shown.
24.2 Where you hold a Joint Account, following the death of one of the individuals holding
that Joint Account, the other individual will need to seek updated advice from your
Adviser. If we have not received a notification from your Adviser that you have received
this updated advice before your next statement we reserve the right to terminate the
Service – see paragraph 17 for the consequences of this.
25 Best Execution
25.1 All orders in connection with Your Portfolio(s) are handled in accordance with our Best
Execution Policy, as referred to in Schedule 2, paragraph 9.
25.2 Please see paragraph 26.3 for further information on the contractual obligations that
we may owe to you in relation to our role as broker for this Service.
26 Liability
26.1 Paragraph 21 of the General Terms sets out our liability in relation to the Hub and its
accounts. In addition, as noted elsewhere in this Schedule 4, we are not liable for:
a) any loss you may suffer due to a delay in processing instructions where there is
insufficient cleared cash in your Cash Only Account – see paragraph 7;
b) the appropriateness of any investments, once the Service ends, held outside of
Your Portfolio which are Complex Investments and any investment loss in relation
to those Complex Investments – see paragraph 17.4;
c) the manufacturing of the Service – that is the joint responsibility of Santander UK
plc and the Model Portfolio Manager;
d) any activities undertaken by Santander UK plc (including any financial advice
provided, the suitability of the Model Portfolio(s) chosen for Your Portfolios to
reference and their ongoing suitability for you, or the selection of the Model
Portfolio Manager). Further information on Santander UK plc’s liability for these
activities is set out in the separate terms and conditions and other disclosure
documentation provided by Santander UK plc for these advisory activities;
e) any instructions that your Adviser gives to us without your authority – instead your
Adviser is responsible to you;
f) any activities undertaken by the Model Portfolio Manager (including setting the
Rebalancing Rules, the model portfolio management services and the discretion
exercised as part of the portfolio management services and the choice of the
underlying investments selected as reference assets) – the Model Portfolio
Manager is responsible to Santander UK plc only, as your agent;
g) any decisions you make to buy, sell or hold the assets when outside the Service
(e.g. because you have terminated the Service, or we have); and
h) anything in relation to your tax situation.
26.2 Save as set out below, we are not liable to you for any losses arising out of, or in
connection with, our role as broker, except where the loss is caused by our default or
negligence.
26.3 Where we have failed to comply with the terms entered into with the Model Portfolio
Manager in relation to our role as their broker, we will be liable to you to make good
any loss that you may suffer. This will occur when, for example, trades in relation to
Your Portfolio failed or were incorrect, an error otherwise occurred in relation to Your
Portfolio, or our monitoring of Your Portfolio failed such that the Rebalancing Rules were
not triggered where required. You may bring a claim against us for such losses either
under these terms or as a third party under the terms set out in the agreement entered
into between us and the Model Portfolio Manager in relation to our role as broker.
27 Making a complaint
27.1 If for any reason you’re unhappy with the Model Portfolio Service (either as a result of
actions or omissions attributable to us, your Adviser or the Model Portfolio Manager),
then please either contact your Adviser or follow our complaints procedure as set out
in paragraph 27 of the General Terms.
28 Contacting us
28.1 If you have any queries relating to this Service or Your Portfolio, you should first
contact your Adviser. If you wish to contact us about the Hub, see the General Terms
for our contact details.
Part B: Transitional Terms for Premium Investments customers
in the Model Portfolio Service
Terms that apply
If Your Portfolio(s) only reference Premium Investments Model Portfolio(s), the terms that
apply to you are:
¡ General Terms;
¡ Schedules 1 to 3;
¡ Part A of this Schedule 4 (this is because you are receiving the Model Portfolio Service
in relation to your Premium Investments) but amended as set out in this Part B; and
¡ this Part B.
The above apply to you from the point that any of Your Portfolio(s) that reference Premium
Investments Model Portfolio(s) are moved onto the Hub and until the earlier of (1) when
you choose to keep your investments but not within the Model Portfolio Service, (2) when
you choose to sell your Premium Investments or (3) when we notify you that these terms
no longer apply (e.g. because the transitional period has ended).
If any of Your Portfolio(s) reference other Model Portfolio(s) that are not Premium
Investments Model Portfolio(s), then Schedule 4 Part A (and not this Part B) applies to you.
This is explained further in the table below:
Model Portfolio(s) that
Your Portfolio(s) reference Applicable Terms
Premium Investments
Model Portfolio(s) only and
no other Model Portfolios
¡ Schedule 4 Part B; and
¡ Schedule 4 Part A (unless
overridden by Part B)
Plus:
¡ General Terms
¡ Schedule 1
¡ Schedule 2
¡ Schedule 3
Premium Investments
Model Portfolio(s) and other
Model Portfolios
Schedule 4 Part A
Model Portfolio(s) other
than Premium Investments
Model Portfolio(s)
Schedule 4 Part A
19
Investment Hub – Terms and Conditions
In addition, you will need to review and agree to be bound by the separate terms that apply
to the Financial Planning Services that you can obtain from your Adviser. Note: The Model
Portfolio Service is not available to you if you do not agree to receive the Financial
Planning Services from Santander UK plc. The reason for this is that your Adviser needs
to assess whether the Service is suitable for you and whether Your Portfolio(s) continue
to be suitable for you on an ongoing basis.
Clarification of Definitions: All relevant terms in this Part B are defined in Schedule 4
Part A however some definitions need to be read in a different way when they are used
in this Part B.
¡ Model Portfolio is defined in Part A. When used in this Part B, it only relates to Model
Portfolio(s) that are Premium Investments Model Portfolios.
¡ Your Portfolio is defined in Part A. When used in this Part B, it only relates to where
your portfolio references a Premium Investments Model Portfolio.
¡ Your Portfolio Assets is defined in Part A. For Premium Investments Model
Portfolio(s), as well as the Portfolio Assets listed in Part A, some or all of the Funds are
provided and managed by the Model Portfolio Manager or managed by other asset
managers employed by the Model Portfolio Manager.
¡ Any references to ‘you’ in this Part B means a customer whose portfolio(s) reference
Premium Investments Model Portfolio(s) on the Hub and has not been notified by
Santander UK plc that these transitional terms do not apply. If you act as trustee for
another person, you are responsible to us to ensure you have the authority of the
trust to do so. Where ‘you’ are a trustee, you agree to notify us of any changes in your
authority. If required by us, you will obtain the agreement of any person taking over
your authority to be bound by these terms.
Altered terms: Some of the terms in Schedule 4 Part A, the General Terms and Schedules 1
to 3 apply in a different way where Your Portfolio(s) reference Premium Investments Model
Portfolio(s). Below we have explained which terms apply in a different way.
The Service and responsibilities
(a) Paragraphs 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out the roles that SIM and
Santander UK plc play in the Model Portfolio Service. SIM also plays an additional
role for you, namely facilitating the move of Your Portfolio(s) that reference Premium
Investments Model Portfolio(s) onto the Hub.
 In addition, Santander UK plc also plays an additional role namely providing advice as
to the continued suitability of Your Portfolio(s) (which includes those that reference
Premium Investments Model Portfolio(s)) in connection with the move onto the Hub
and the associated Model Portfolio Service based on the information you have provided
to Santander UK plc.
Eligibility
(b) The General Terms state that you must ensure that you meet the eligibility criteria for
this Service at all times and paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out the eligibility
criteria that you must meet at all times. Clause (c) and (f) of paragraph 4 require you
to meet a minimum investment amount and to hold a minimum operating balance.
During the transitional period, these requirements are temporarily waived for you
meaning that you can have an investment amount below the minimum operating
balance and do not have to meet any minimum investment amounts until we notify
you otherwise. Note that the other eligibility criteria do apply.
(c) In addition, paragraph 4.2 of Schedule 4 Part A requires you to notify us if you do not
meet the eligibility criteria. As we have temporarily waived the minimum investment
amount and minimum operating balance requirements, you do not need to notify us if
you do not meet them.
Your Portfolio
(d) Paragraph 5.1 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out when Your Portfolio will be set up. As Your
Portfolio is already established, paragraph 5.1 does not apply to you. Instead, Your
Portfolio has been moved onto the Hub.
(e) Paragraph 5.2 of Schedule 4 Part A refers to instructions we may receive from your
Adviser concerning which Model Portfolio(s) Your Portfolio(s) should reference and which
account type Your Portfolio(s) will be held in. For clarity, when Your Portfolio is moved onto
the Hub, it will continue to reference the same Premium Investments Model Portfolio(s) and
will be held in the same type of account(s) unless your Adviser instructs us otherwise.
Taking money out / withdrawals / selling your investments
(f) Paragraphs 8.1, 8.2, 8.3 and 8.4 of Schedule 4 Part A set out how you can take money
out of Your Portfolio(s). These apply in a different way for you as set out below:
(i) paragraphs 8.1, 8.3 and 8.4 say that you can only take money out of Your
Portfolio(s) by contacting your Adviser. For you, you can also take money out of
Your Portfolio(s) without needing to contact an Adviser by contacting us directly.
You can give us, SIM, instructions to take money out of Your Portfolio(s) by any of
the following methods:
¡ other than for Special Access Accounts, by telephone and providing us with
selected security details; or
¡ in person (by prior arrangement or through your Adviser); or
¡ through a written instruction (e.g. letter) signed by you.
 We receive, handle and process your instructions in accordance with paragraph 9
of Schedule 2 and paragraph 8 of Schedule 4 Part A.
(ii) paragraph 8.2 of Schedule 4 Part A says that when taking money out you must
maintain the minimum operating balance. As per paragraph (b) above, until
such time as you are notified that the transitional period has ended or that these
terms no longer apply to you, the requirement to maintain a minimum operating
balance is waived.
 For the avoidance of doubt, during the transitional period and where you are taking
a partial withdrawal, you still cannot take money out where this would result in
more than 85% of Your Portfolio’s value being taken.
(iii) paragraphs 8.3 and 8.4 of Schedule 4 Part A state that we will take instructions
from your Adviser in connection with taking money out. You are able to take
money out without contacting an Adviser, and so paragraphs 8.3 and 8.4 should
be read so that we can take instructions from your Adviser or from you.
Fees and Charges
(g) Paragraph 11.1 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out that the details of the initial Advisory
Service Fee will be provided to you separately as part of the advice process. For clarity,
you will not be charged an initial Advisory Service Fee as a result of moving Your
Portfolio(s) that reference Premium Investments Model Portfolio(s) onto the Hub.
However, as set out in paragraph 7.2 of Schedule 4 Part A, you may be charged an
Advisory Service Fee where you receive advice on any further investment into Your
Portfolio(s). In addition, you will also be charged the Ongoing Adviser Services Fee.
(h) Paragraph 11.4 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out that the indicative value for the Ongoing
Adviser Services Fee is set out in separate documentation provided by Santander
UK plc and confirmed in the Summary of Costs and Charges section in a Suitability
Report provided to you by your Adviser. As Your Portfolio(s) already reference Premium
Investments Model Portfolio(s) which have been moved onto the Hub as part of the
Model Portfolio Service, this won’t apply to you. Instead, the indicative value (including
any minimum or maximums) for the Ongoing Adviser Services Fee is set out in the
Summary of Costs and Charges that was sent to you.
Changing the reference Model Portfolio, monitoring Your Portfolio and
Rebalancing
(i) Paragraph 13.4 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out what factors your Adviser will consider
when providing their initial advice to you on whether the Model Portfolio Service is
suitable for you. As Your Portfolio(s) already reference Premium Investments Model
Portfolio(s) and you receive the Model Portfolio Service, you will have already received
this initial advice. Your Adviser will consider these factors when providing the ongoing
adviser services to you.
Ending the Service
(j) Paragraph 17.5 of Schedule 4 Part A and paragraph 16.2(b) of the General Terms sets
out that we may close Your Portfolio / end the Service / close your Hub Account where
you no longer meet the eligibility criteria or Your Portfolio falls below the minimum
operating balance for the Service. As set out in paragraph (b) of this Part B above, we
have temporarily waived certain elements of the eligibility criteria and the minimum
operating balance requirements, and so during the transitional period we will not be
entitled to close Your Portfolio / end the Service for these reasons.
Liability
(k) Paragraph 26 of Schedule 4 Part A sets out what we are not liable to you for. In
addition, for you, we are also not liable to you in relation to any decision made by
you to take money out of Your Portfolio(s) without advice (as set out above under the
heading ‘Taking money out / withdrawals / selling your investments’).
ISAs
(l) Paragraph 3.2 of the General Terms states that your ISA will begin as soon as we
accept your completed Application and receive your valid payment. If you don’t already
have a Stocks and Shares ISA, you can only open one for the purposes of holdings
some, or all, of Your Portfolio(s) in the Model Portfolio Service after consultation with
your Adviser