Customer Agreement: Wise Payments Limited
Last updated: 1 August 2023
Welcome to Wise
This Customer Agreement applies to our products and Services. It describes the
rights and obligations of you and us and forms a legally binding contract between
you and Wise when you register and use our services such as sending money to
your friends and family or holding a balance with us.
You may go directly to any section by selecting the appropriate link provided. The
headings are for reference only.
1. About this customer agreement
1
1.1 This Customer Agreement is a contract between you, as an individual
(“you”) and Wise Payments Limited (“Wise/us/we”) which defines the
terms and conditions on which we provide our Services to you (the
“Agreement”). This Agreement refers to and incorporates by reference
additional documents (the “Additional Documents”), which also apply to
your use of our Services, including:
a. Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the allowed and restricted
uses of our Services.
b. Our Pricing Page, which sets out our pricing and how it works.
You should read these along with our Privacy Policy.
1.2 By using our Services, you confirm that you accept and agree to this
Agreement in its most current form as posted on our Website, App or by an
API Partner. If you do not agree, you must not use our Services.
1.3 When paying for a Money Transfer in a currency other than British pounds
(GBP), you may be doing business with a different Wise entity as listed here.
In those cases, your money will be held in accordance with the regulations
and licences applicable to such entity.
1.4 Where there are any differences between this Agreement, the Additional
Documents or information we provide on our Website, App or via an API
Partner, the terms in this Agreement will take priority.
1.5 To receive some of our Services,such as our Assets products, you may be
asked to agree to additional terms and conditions which we will tell you
about before you use that service.
1.6 How this Agreement applies to you. If you only use our Services to make
Money Transfers or maintain a profile with Wise without a Wise Account,
then you agree to this Agreement each time you use our service in this way.
When you open a Wise Account, this Agreement applies to that Wise
Account whilst the Wise Account is open.
1.7 Future changes. We may update this Agreement from time to time as set
out in ‘Our right to make changes.’ Any changes made to this Agreement
will take effect as soon as the Agreement is on our Website and App or on
the date notified to you.
1.8 You can always see the most current version of this Agreement on our
Website. If you would like a copy of this Agreement, you can download it or
contact Customer Support.
2. Defined words in this Agreement
2.1 In this Agreement, capitalised words are defined in brackets within the
Agreement or Additional Documents or have the meaning set out below:
API means the application programming interface provided by Wise, for
example, through an API Partner.
2
API Partner means a business we have partnered with for Wise to offer our
Services through their website, mobile application or similar.
App means our mobile application software, the data supplied with the
software and the associated media.
BACS Direct Debit means an instruction from a customer to their payment
service provider authorising collection of varying amounts from the
customer’s account, if the customer has been given advance notice of the
collection amounts and dates under the Bankers' Automated Clearing
System.
Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a public
holiday in England when financial institutions in London, UK are open for
business.
Chargeback means the person sending you the money has made a claim
to their bank or payment provider that money was sent to you
illegitimately, or the payment to Wise fails due to insufficient funds,
account closed or any other reason.
Intellectual Property means (i) rights in, and in relation to, any trademarks,
logos, patents, registered designs, design rights, copyright and related
rights, moral rights, databases, domain names, utility models, and including
registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such
rights, and similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of
the world; (ii) rights in the nature of unfair competition rights and to sue for
passing off and for past infringement; and (iii) trade secrets, confidentiality
and other proprietary rights, including rights to know how and other
technical information.
Money Transfer means a direct transfer of funds paid by you, without using
funds in your Wise Account, to a designated recipient that is sent using
Wise. In some currencies, you may only be able to convert and send funds
using your Wise Account and cannot make a direct Money Transfer.
Reversal means the funds received by you are reversed, returned, or clawed
back for any reason. For example, due to insufficient funds or account
closure.
Services means all products, services, content, features, technologies, or
functions offered by us and all related websites, applications (including the
App), and service models (including the Website and via an API Partner),
and including the Wise Account, the currency conversion, and Money
Transfer offerings.
Website means any Wise webpage, including www.wise.com, where we
provide the Services to you.
Wise Account means a multi-currency account held by customers at Wise,
which may include a Jar.
3. Who we are and how to contact us?
3
3.1 We are Wise Payments Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
England and Wales with company number 07209813.
3.2 Our registered office is 6th Floor, Tea Building, 56 Shoreditch High Street,
London E1 6JJ, United Kingdom. This office is not publicly open to you or
other members of the public.
3.3 We are an authorised electronic money institution (EMI) authorised by the
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under the Electronic Money Regulations
2011 (EMRs 11) and the Payment Services Regulations 2017 (PSRs 17) to issue
electronic money and provide payment services. You can look us up on the
FCA’s register using our FCA reference number, 900507.
3.4 How to contact us. You can contact us by email, web chat or telephone by
logging into your Wise Account or through our Help Centre.
USING OUR SERVICES
4. Our Services under this Agreement
4.1 Overview. Each of our Services works slightly differently, here we provide
an overview of the services covered by this Agreement and the terms that
apply to all the Services under this Agreement. You should carefully read
the section of the Service you intend to use:
a. Converting Currency. You can convert one currency to another
either as a Money Transfer, using your Wise Account or spending on
your Card.
b. Your Wise Account. Wise Account is a multi-currency account that
allows you to hold, spend, send, and receive money as well as convert
currency. Where possible you may also have a Card.
c. Money Transfer. You don’t need to have a Wise Account to send
money. You can carry out a Money Transfer when you log into Wise
subject to our terms.
5. Who Can Use Our Services?
5.1 Age requirement. You must be an individual and at least 18 years old to use
our Services.
5.2 One Wise Account, one profile. You may only open one Wise Account and
one profile.
5.3 Transacting on your own account. All activities under a Wise Account or
Wise profile shall be considered activities conducted by you. You agree to
only use the Services to transact on your own account and not on behalf of
any other person or entity. You must not allow others to access or use the
Services or your Wise Account on your behalf.
6. Getting Started
4
6.1 Using our Services. To start using our Services, you must create a profile
and provide certain information as prompted by us.
6.2 Information must be accurate. All information you provide to us must be
complete, accurate and truthful always. You must update this information
whenever it changes. We cannot be responsible for any loss arising out of
your failure to do so. We may ask you at any time to confirm the accuracy of
your information and/or provide additional supporting documents.
6.3 Security and customer due diligence checks. We are required by law to
conduct certain security and customer due diligence checks on you to
provide any Services to you and allow you to have and maintain a Wise
Account. Sometimes, we might also need to perform checks on other
parties involved in a particular transaction (for example, on your recipient).
6.4 Information requests. You agree to comply with any request from us for
further information and provide such information in a format acceptable to
us. In addition, you agree that we may make, directly or through any third
party, any inquiries we consider necessary to validate the information you
provided to us, including checking commercial databases or credit reports.
You authorise us to obtain one or more of your credit reports, from time to
time, to establish, update, or renew your Wise Account with us or in the
event of a dispute relating to this Agreement or our Services. You agree we
may disclose certain information about you, including your name,
residential address, and date of birth to a credit reporting agency to obtain
a credit report for these purposes
6.5 Wise reserves the right to close, suspend, or limit access to your Wise
Account or the Services in the event we are unable to obtain or verify any
information related to you or your transaction.
7. Staying Safe While Using Our Services
7.1 We recommend you use the Services to send money to friends, family and
trusted and verified businesses and third parties that are known to you or
that you have already done business with. You should be cautious when
sending money to the recipients you don’t know and have never dealt with
before.
7.2 When accessing your Wise Account or profile, you should at the minimum
do the following:
a. Change your password regularly and ensure that it is not reused for
other online accounts.
b. Never share your login details with anyone else. This includes the
membership number, password or other security credentials. If you
suspect that your account may be accessed by someone else,
contact Customer Support. We will never ask you for your password.
c. Always use strong passwords, for example ones that use a mixture of
letters, numbers, and symbols. Here is recommended guidance you
can follow.
d. Set up 2-step authentication, if applicable.
5
e. Keep your email account secure. You may reset your password using
your email address. Let Customer Support know immediately if your
email account becomes compromised.
f. Regularly update the App on your device to the latest version
available.
g. Regularly update your device’s browser to the latest version
available.
h. Maintain your device’s operating systems with regular security
updates provided by the operating system provider.
i. Install and maintain the latest anti-virus software on your device,
where applicable.
j. It is essential to ensure every time you are entering your Wise
username and password that it is only ever on our official App
(downloaded from the iOS or Android store) or if via a browser,
at wise.com. Emails and SMS messages sent by fraudsters may lead
to fake login portals that could phish your login information and
2-step authentication details. Similarly, criminals can place malicious
adverts on search engines that lead to fake websites of trusted
businesses, including Wise. More information on how to avoid falling
for phishing scams can be found on our website here.
k. If you suspect you have become a victim of a scam, contact our
Customer Support.
7.3 You must NOT:
a. Disclose your login credentials or your 2-step authentication details
to anyone. You must keep them safe.
b. Let anyone access your Wise Account or profile, or watch you
accessing it, including letting someone else take remote control of
your device(s).
c. Use any functionality that allows your login details or passwords to
be stored by the computer or browser you are using or to be cached
or otherwise recorded.
d. Do anything which may in any way avoid or compromise the 2-step
authentication process.
7.4 Contact us if you suspect your Wise Account or profile has been
compromised. If you suspect your Wise Account, profile or other login
credentials are stolen, lost, used without your authorisation, or otherwise
compromised, you must contact Customer Support immediately. We
recommend that you both call and email Customer Support right away.
You can also freeze your Card with immediate effect on our App under the
Account tab. You are also advised to change your password.
7.5 Any delays in notifying us of a compromised account, may affect the
security of your account and result in losses that you would be responsible
for. You must provide us with any reasonable assistance we require from
you to investigate and take any action required to secure your account.
6
7.6 Extra Services you use may have additional security requirements and you
must familiarise yourself with those.
7.7 You are responsible for ensuring that your information technology,
computer programmes and platform is configured to access our Services.
We cannot guarantee that our Services will be free from bugs or viruses.
8. Limits on How You Can Use Our Service
8.1 An account for you. You may only use our Services for personal purposes
and not as a business account or for business purposes. If you require a
product or Service dedicated to business activities, you can open a
Business Account with Wise.
8.2 You must not misuse our systems. You must not misuse our systems by:
a. Introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other materials
which are malicious or technologically harmful.
b. Taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our websites, software, systems
(including any networks and servers used to provide any of the
Services) operated by us or on our behalf, or attacking our Website,
App or API with any type of denial-of-service attack.
c. Using an anonymizing proxy; use any robot, spider, other automatic
device, or manual process to monitor or copy our websites without
our prior written permission; or use any device, software, or routine
to bypass our robot exclusion headers.
d. Interfering, disrupting, or attempting to interfere or to gain
unauthorised access to our Website, software, API, systems
(including any networks and servers used to provide any of the Wise
Services) operated by us or on our behalf, any of the Wise Services or
other users’ use of any of the Wise Services.
8.3 You must not misuse our Services. You must not misuse our Services by:
a. Breaching this Agreement, Additional Document, or any other
agreement between you and any Wise entity.
b. Violating any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (for example,
those governing financial services, consumer protections, unfair
competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising).
c. Infringing Wise’s Intellectual Property.
d. Acting in a manner that is defamatory, libellous, threatening or
harassing.
e. Providing false, inaccurate, or misleading information.
f. Sending or receiving what we believe to be potentially fraudulently
gained funds.
g. Refusing to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of
your identity or any information requested by us.
7
h. Attempting to “double dip” during a dispute or claim by receiving or
attempting to receive funds from both Wise and a third party (e.g., a
merchant), bank or card issuer for the same transaction.
i. Using Wise’s Services in a manner that results in or may result in:
i. complaints to or about Wise.
ii. requests by third parties to invalidate payments made to you.
iii. fees, fines, penalties or other liability or losses to Wise, other
Wise customers, third parties or you.
j. Using our Services in a manner that Wise, a card network or any
other electronic funds transfer network believes to be an abuse of
the card system or a violation of card association or network rules.
k. Allowing your Wise Account to have a negative balance.
l. Accessing the Wise Services from a country that Wise is not
permitted to operate.
m. Taking any action that may cause us to lose any of the services from
our internet service providers, payment processors, or other
suppliers or service providers.
n. Circumventing this Agreement or any Additional Document or Wise
policy or determinations about your Wise Account such as
temporary or indefinite suspensions or other account holds,
limitations or restrictions, including, but not limited to, engaging in
the following actions:
i. attempting to open a new or additional Wise account(s) or
profile(s) when an account has a negative balance or has been
restricted, suspended, or otherwise limited.
ii. Opening new or additional Wise Accounts or profiles using
information that is not your own (e.g., name, address, email
address, etc.), or using someone else’s Wise Account.
iii. Harassing, being abusive towards and/or threatening our
employees, agents, or other customers.
iv. Abusing a card network dispute resolution process.
8.4 We may suspend your Wise Account or your access to our Services. We
may suspend your profile or Wise Account, or restrict its functionality if we
have reasonable concerns about:
a. the security of your Wise Account or your profile.
b. suspected unauthorised or fraudulent use of your Wise Account or
our Services; or
c. suspected violations of this Agreement or the Additional
Documents, including our Acceptable Use Policy.
8.5 We will give you notice of any suspension or restriction and the reasons for
such suspension or restriction as soon as we can, either before the
8
suspension or restriction is put in place, or soon after, unless notifying you
would be unlawful or compromise our reasonable security measures.
8.6 The actions we may take if you misuse our Services or systems. If we
believe that any of the activities listed in this section 8 have been taken by
you, we may take several actions to protect Wise, its customers and others,
at any time and at our sole discretion. The actions we may take include, but
are not limited to, the following:
a. terminating this Agreement immediately.
b. suspending your Wise Account or your profile, during which time
your Wise Account and profile will remain open but is not able to be
operated or may be subject to restrictions, or you may not be able to
use our Services, until we remove the suspension;
c. closing your Wise Account and terminating your access to our
Services, which means your Wise Account is deactivated and/or your
profile will not be available, without notice, and without penalty to
us.
d. reporting suspected breach of law, regulation, or criminal statute to
the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will cooperate with
those authorities, including by disclosing your identity to them.
e. refusing to provide our Services to you or your businesses or affiliates
in the future.
f. limiting your access to our Website, App, software, systems
(including any networks and servers used to provide any of the Wise
Services) operated by us or on our behalf, your Wise Account or any
of the Services, including limiting your ability to pay, convert or send
money with any of the payment methods linked to your Wise
Account, restricting your ability to send money or make withdrawals.
g. holding the balance in your Wise Account if reasonably needed to
protect against the risk of liability or if we reasonably believe you
have violated our Acceptable Use Policy.
h. contacting your bank or credit card issuer, other impacted third
parties, or law enforcement about your actions.
i. updating inaccurate information, you provided us.
j. taking legal action against you, including seeking damages and
reimbursement for losses and fees.
8.7 Court Orders. If we are notified of a court order or other legal process
(including garnishment or any equivalent process) affecting you, or if we
otherwise believe we are required to do so in order to comply with court
order, applicable law or regulatory requirements, we may be required to
take certain actions, including holding payments to/from your Wise
Account, placing a reserve or limitation on your Wise Account, or releasing
your funds. We will decide, in our sole discretion, which action is required of
us. Unless the court order, applicable law, regulatory requirement, or
other legal process requires otherwise, we will attempt to notify you of
these actions using the contact information that you have provided to us.
9
We do not have an obligation to contest or appeal any court order
or legal process involving you, your Wise Account, or your use of our
Services. When we implement a hold, reserve, or limitation because of a
court order, applicable law, regulatory requirement or other legal process,
the hold, reserve, or limitation may remain in place as long as reasonably
necessary.
9. Closing your Wise Account or stopping your use of Wise
9.1 You may stop using Wise and/or close your Wise Account at any time.
This Agreement continues until your Wise Account is terminated. You may
close your Wise Account and/or end your ability to use our Services at any
time by following the steps provided by us on our Website, App or via an
API Partner.
9.2 If you want to close your Wise Account, you should withdraw your
funds within a reasonable time. You must withdraw your funds before
your Wise Account closes. At the time of closure, if you still have funds in
your Wise Account, you will no longer have access to them, but you can still
withdraw your money by contacting Customer Support. You have the right
to do this for a period of 6 years from the date your Wise Account is closed.
9.3 Remaining funds may be subject to additional checks. After closure or
deactivation of your Wise Account, you may be subject to additional checks
before Wise is able to return the funds back to you.
9.4 When you may not close your Wise Account or delete your profile. You
must not close your Wise Account or delete your profile to evade an
investigation (either by Wise or an enforcement agency) or if you have a
pending transaction or an open dispute or claim. If you attempt to do this,
we may hold your money for a period that is reasonably necessary to
protect our or a third party’s interest.
9.5 We may prevent your account from being closed or delete your profile if
you have a negative balance or if your Wise Account is subject to a hold,
limitation, or reserve.
9.6 You are responsible for your Wise Account after closure. You agree that
you will continue to be responsible for all obligations related to your Wise
Account and your use of our Services, even after it is closed, or you have
stopped using our Services. For example, if you have a negative balance
with Wise, you will remain responsible for paying us even after your Wise
Account is closed and/or you have deleted your profile. For more
information, see “What happens if you owe us money”.
9.7 We may end this Agreement by giving you two months’ notice. We may
terminate this Agreement and close your Wise Account or any Services
associated with it by giving you two months’ prior notice, where required.
9.8 You cannot use the App if this Agreement ends. On termination for any
reason all rights granted to you in connection with the App shall cease, you
must immediately delete or remove the App from your devices.
10
10. How much will you pay?
10.1 Registering for Wise and/or opening a personal Wise Account is free. You
may incur a fee when you use parts of our Services such as sending money,
converting currencies, getting a card, or receiving wire payments.
10.2 You must pay our fees. We may not process your transaction(s) or provide
any other Services to you until we have received the fees from you. Our fees
do not include any fees that an API Partner, your bank, the recipient’s bank
or other third party may separately charge.
10.3 You can see our fee structure on the Pricing page. The fees set out in our
Pricing page will be applicable to you when you use our Services and forms
part of this Agreement. We may charge you a variable fee during periods of
potential heightened volatility or unpredictability in the foreign exchange
market, as determined by Wise. We will let you know if this fee is applicable
when you set up your order. It is important that you read and agree to
these fees before you use our Services. We may make changes to our fees
as set out in “Our right to make changes”.
10.4 We can make deductions for amounts you owe us. You agree that we are
authorised to deduct our fees, any applicable Reversal amounts, or any
amounts you owe us from your Wise Account, including negative Wise
Account balances and funds held in a Jar. If you don’t have sufficient funds
in your Wise Account to cover these amounts, we may refuse to execute
pending or future transactions or provide any Services to you and may
deduct funds sent to us for Services in the future.
10.5 Taxes. You are responsible for any taxes which may be due by you because
of your use of our Services, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and
pay the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority.
CONVERTING CURRENCY
11. Currency Conversion
11.1 Our Services include the ability to convert currencies, for example:
a. As part of a Money Transfer.
b. In your Wise Account, when you add money in one currency and
then later use those funds to send money to a third party, spend
money on your Card or withdraw money in a different currency.
c. In your Wise Account, when you hold a balance in one currency and
then convert it to a different currency.
11.2 Exchange rate. When we refer to an exchange rate in this Agreement, it
means the exchange rate at the relevant time for the relevant currency pair
(for example, GBP to EUR, USD to AUD) that is offered by Wise, which is
typically provided by a reference rate provider and usually the mid-market
exchange rate. We may change our reference rate provider from time to
time without notice to you.
11
11.3 For some currencies, we do not use the mid-market exchange rate,
including where we are required by law to use a different reference rate for
the exchange rate for your currency pair. For these currencies we will notify
you of the exchange rate offered by Wise when you initiate a current
conversion.
11.4 We may not process your currency conversion order until we hold or have
received the funds and specified fees. It is your responsibility to ensure
money that you fund a currency conversion order (whether through your
Wise Account, as part of a Money Transfer or any other Service we provide)
in a timely manner. We cannot be responsible for the time it takes for the
money to be sent to us by your bank or payment service provider.
11.5 Refusing a currency conversion order. We reserve the right to refuse any
currency conversion order if the conditions set out in this Agreement have
not been met. Reasons for refusal may include but are not limited to
incorrect information about a recipient, insufficient available funds, or
where we believe you may have violated this Agreement, including where
we believe you are or may be attempting to engage in currency trading or
other trading for purposes not permitted by this Agreement. We will
endeavour to notify you of any refusal, using the contact information that
you have provided to us, stating (where possible) the reasons for such
refusal, and explaining how to correct any errors. However, we will not
notify you if such notification may be unlawful.
11.6 Confirmation of currency conversion order. Each currency conversion
order is given a unique transaction number which is shown in the order
confirmation and transaction history. You should quote this transaction
number when communicating with us about a particular currency
conversion order.
YOUR WISE ACCOUNT
12. Information about your Wise Account
12.1 About your Wise Account:
a. Your Wise Account allows you to hold, spend, send, and receive
funds and convert currency.
b. The funds held on your Wise Account do not expire and are issued in
accordance with the EMRs 11.
c. The funds held on your Wise Account may not earn any interest or
return.
d. You may hold your funds in any currencies that we support from
time to time.
e. You may withdraw funds from your Wise Account at any time
subject to certain conditions, please see section ‘withdrawing funds
from your Wise Account’ for more details.
f. The funds held on your Wise Account belong to you as the registered
Wise Account holder.
12
g. You may not place a charge or other form of security over your Wise
Account.
h. We may place certain limits on your Wise Account depending on
your country of residence, verification status or other legal
considerations. You can contact our Customer Support team for
more information about these limits.
i. We may at our sole and absolute discretion reject a requested
transaction, or refund a payment or other transaction, for any reason
whatsoever, including without limitation, where the value of your
Wise Account could directly or indirectly exceed any value permitted
under the applicable laws and regulations or any other regulatory or
risk limit prescribed for that Wise Account.
12.2 Wise is not a bank, and your Wise Account is not a bank account. The
funds held with Wise, including balances in your Wise Account, are not
insured by any deposit protection scheme, including the Financial Services
Compensation Scheme (“FSCS”). Wise holds your funds in permissible
investments in accordance with applicable laws. Wise owns the interest or
other earnings on these investments, if any.
12.3 Account Details. When Wise provides you with Account Details (as
described further below), these Account Details are a means to receive
funds from third parties into a bank account held by Wise and its affiliates.
Wise can credit your Wise Account when you use these Account Details,
and they are not a bank account number for a bank account held by you.
12.4 How we protect your money. As Wise is not a bank, we use safeguarding
to protect your money. This is done in accordance with the regulations,
PSRs 17. Wise keeps your money in the name of Wise in established
financial institutions. Your money is deposited in Great British Pounds
(GBP) into dedicated and segregated accounts held by us with our
safeguarding institutions. We may change our safeguarding institutions
from time to time, without notice to you. You can find out more about how
we safeguard your money in the Help Centre.
12.5 Adding money to your Wise Account. To add funds to your Wise Account,
you need to log in to your Wise Account and follow the steps. You may be
presented with one or more methods of adding funds to your Wise
Account. For example, you may be able to use a bank transfer, authorise
Wise to debit the money from your bank or payment account with a third
party, or use a credit card or debit card (in this Agreement, we will call these
methods “Pay-in Methods”). Any Pay-In Method that you use to add money
to your Wise Account must be in your name.
12.6 Pay-in Methods. The Pay-in Methods made available to you will depend on
a few factors including where you live and your verification status with us.
You will see the available Pay-in Method when you choose to add funds to
your Wise Account. We cannot guarantee the availability of any particular
Pay-in Method and we may change or stop offering a Pay-in Method at any
time without notice to you.
13
12.7 Adding money with your debit or credit card. Where you can use a debit
or credit card as your Pay-in Method to add money to your Wise Account,
you will need to provide your card details to us. This will include your card
number and cardholder name. When you choose to add money via debit or
credit card, you confirm that your card details are correct, that you are
authorised to access and transmit funds from your card account, that your
card account is in good standing with the account provider and that you
have the authority to initiate a debit or credit card payment in the amount
at issue from your card account. You will need to pay any fees incurred from
adding money by using your debit or credit card.
12.8 Chargebacks on your Pay-in Method. If you select a Pay-in Method which
can be subject to chargeback (for example a credit card), you agree that
you will only exercise this chargeback right if:
a. We have breached this Agreement; or
There was an unauthorised use of your Pay-in Method, meaning that
you did not execute or authorise the payment.
You agree that you will not exercise your chargeback right for any
other reason. If we need to investigate or take any actions in
connection with a chargeback caused by or related to you, we may
charge you up to GBP 15 as an administrative fee and we may
deduct this amount from your Wise Account, limit your access to our
Services until the investigation is complete. In serious circumstances,
including where there are unusually high or frequent amounts of
chargebacks, we may close your Wise Account.
12.9 Restrictions on adding Money. We only offer the Pay-In Methods you see
when you access our Services. Other methods, such as a paper or e-cheque,
and cash will not be accepted. For legal, security, or other reasons, there
may be financial limits on your chosen Pay-in Methods or currencies,
including how much you can add to your Wise Account. We will let you
know at the time of adding money if there is a limit.
12.10 Receiving money to your Wise Account from other sources. In certain
currencies, we may provide you with local account details that you or a
third party can use to send money directly to your Wise Account (“Account
Details”). The Account Details that we provide to you are only a means to
receive funds from third parties into a bank account held by Wise and its
affiliates, so that Wise can credit your Wise Account that is held at the Wise
entity described in the beginning of this Agreement (regardless of
currency) and are not a bank account number for a bank account held by
you.
12.11 We may carry out verification checks when you request Account Details in
addition to the checks required to obtain a Wise Account, and we may
carry out further checks on an ad-hoc basis. From time to time your
Account Details may change. When this occurs, we will notify you, and you
are responsible for updating third parties and other arrangements you may
have to receive funds using your Account Details. Wise is not responsible
for issues that arise when Account Details are changed, and it is your
14
responsibility to notify third parties that your Account Details have
changed.
12.12 When money received is shown in your Wise Account. Any money you
receive into your Wise Account will be converted into electronic money and
recorded in your transaction history. You should check and confirm the
receipt of incoming funds in your Wise Account regularly and let us know if
there are any irregularities or discrepancies.
12.13 When we will credit your Wise Account. We are not responsible for the
funds you have added until we have received them. For clarity, when you
add funds to your Wise Account, we are the recipient of those funds. This
means the bank or payment service provider you used to send the funds to
us is the one responsible for making sure we receive them so that we can
credit them to your Wise Account.
12.14 We will credit your Wise Account once we have received your funds. For
some Pay-in Methods such as a credit or debit card, we may credit the
funds before we receive the funds subject to our right of Reversal. This
means if we credit your Wise Account for the full amount you intended to
add but this amount does not reach us, we will deduct that amount from
your Wise Account. If you have already spent the funds, this could make
your Wise Account have a negative balance (see “What happens if you
owe us money”).
13. Withdrawing funds from your Wise Account
13.1 You can request to withdraw your funds. You may withdraw all or some of
the balance in your Wise Account. We may charge you a fee for each
withdrawal request, we will let you know the exact amount when you
submit your request. You can also find out more information about the fees
we charge on the Pricing page.
13.2 Pay-out Methods available to you. You may be presented with one or
more methods of withdrawal (in this Agreement, we will call these
methods "Pay-out Methods"). The number of Pay-out Methods made
available to you will depend on a few factors including where you live and
your verification status with us. We cannot guarantee the use of any
Pay-out Method and may change or stop offering a Pay-out Method at any
time without notice to you.
13.3 You must provide correct information to us. When setting up your
withdrawal request, you must ensure that the information you provide is
correct and complete. We will not be responsible for money sent to the
wrong recipient because of incorrect information provided by you.
13.4 What happens if you provide incorrect recipient information. If you have
provided incorrect information to us, we may, but are not required to, assist
you in recovering your funds. We cannot guarantee that such efforts will be
successful as they rely on the policies and practices of other banks and
institutions. In addition, Wise may not be able to confirm that your
recipient’s name and account number match, as the names and other
information associated with third party accounts may not be known to
15
Wise. This means that if you provide an incorrect account number, your
funds will most likely go to the wrong account.
13.5 Your withdrawal request is subject to limits. You agree that your Wise
Account is subject to withdrawal limits. If your withdrawal request exceeds
the current limit, we may decline your request or we may require you to
provide additional documents to us so that we can carry out additional
checks before allowing the money to be withdrawn.
13.6 Delay in withdrawal. We may delay a withdrawal in certain situations,
including if we need to confirm that the withdrawal has been authorised, to
complete verification checks, or if other payments to your Wise Account
have been reversed (for example, because of a chargeback or Reversal). We
cannot be held responsible for any such delays, provided that we have
acted reasonably in delaying a withdrawal.
13.7 Finality. Pay-outs, currency conversions and Card or other transactions
executed by us are final and irrevocable once you request them, unless
otherwise provided in this Agreement or pursuant to applicable law.
14. Reversals and Chargebacks
14.1 Funds added or received to your Wise Account may be subject to
Reversal or chargeback. Funds added to your Wise Account could be
Reversed or subject to a chargeback, which means that you will not get
those funds credited to your Wise Account. A Reversal or chargeback may
occur where the funds added to your Wise Account are Reversed by Wise
or Reversed to or subject to a chargeback by the person paying you the
money or the payment provider.
14.2 When a Reversal or chargeback may happen. You may be liable for
and/or have funds reversed or be subject to a chargeback when, without
limitation, we have reason to believe:
a. Wise, or any other party, sent the amount received to you in error.
b. The amount received was unauthorised or fraudulently undertaken or
induced.
c. The amount received was received for activities that appear to have
violated a law, this Agreement, the Acceptable Use Policy, or any other
agreement between you and Wise.
d. The amount received is, for any reason, Reversed by the sender or a
payment provider.
e. Any other error that may result in your Wise Account being credited in
circumstances where you are not the lawful recipient and/or lawfully
entitled to retain the amount received.
14.3 If any funds are Reversed by the sender or any payment provider, you agree
that Wise may refund, deduct, or Reverse the amount of the funds plus any
fees from your Wise Account (if applicable) in the same currency as the
original transaction. If your Wise Account balance for the relevant currency
is insufficient to cover the amount of a refund or Reversal, Wise may at its
discretion perform a currency conversion to refund or Reverse the
16
transaction, subject to the exchange rate being offered by Wise in the
applicable currencies at that time. If a Reversal or chargeback causes you to
have a negative balance, you will be immediately liable to Wise for the
negative balance plus any losses to Wise, if any.
14.4 Chargeback Fees. If you receive a debit or credit card-funded payment
into your Wise Account and you (or a third party) pursue a chargeback for
the transaction with the card issuer, then Wise may apply a fee in
accordance with our Pricing Page, for facilitating the chargeback process
and will remove the chargeback funds from your Wise Account, including
funds held in a Jar.
15. Maintaining your Wise Account
15.1 Transaction history is displayed on your Wise Account. All your
transactions (including your current balance, funds you have added,
received, sent and/or withdrawn), related fees and exchange rates, if
applicable, are recorded in the statement section of your Wise Account.
15.2 Statements. You have the right to request a physical account statement
showing your Wise Account activity by contacting Customer Support. You
may view your Wise Account statement by logging into your Wise Account.
You may be able to view your Wise Account in a way that some of your
transactions are hidden. This is to allow you to isolate transactions from
recipients to determine your spending with those recipients. You will need
to readjust your viewing preferences if you have used this feature to default
to see all transactions.
15.3 Check your Wise Account regularly. You must check your Wise Account
regularly and carefully and contact our Customer Support team
immediately if you don’t recognise a transaction or think we have made a
payment incorrectly. You must tell us about any unauthorised or incorrectly
executed transactions immediately and no later than 13 months after the
transaction date from when you become aware of the unauthorised
transaction.
15.4 You accept the risks of holding funds in multiple currencies. You agree
and accept all the risks associated with maintaining an account that can
hold balances in multiple currencies including any risks associated with
fluctuations in the relevant exchange rates over time.
15.5 Auto Conversion. For certain currencies, you may be able to set one or
more conversion orders to be automatically executed once the exchange
rate you pick is offered by our Services (an “auto conversion order”). There
may be limits to the number of auto conversion orders you are able to set
up, as well as the amounts of money you can schedule to convert. Wise
does not guarantee that it will be able to execute your auto conversion
order in all circumstances.
15.6 We are not a currency trading platform. Wise is not a currency trading
platform. You agree that you will not use your Wise Account for seeking to
profit from currency conversion or foreign exchange trading or other types
of speculative trading, or for speculative trading purposes, conversion
17
arbitrage, conversion options or any other activity that Wise determines is
primarily for the purpose of gaining or making gains based on currency
conversion rates.
15.7 Accordingly, you should not use our Services, including the Wise Account or
the auto conversion order function for this purpose, including creating
multiple auto conversion orders or a series of Money Transfers without the
intention of completing them. If we detect that you are using our Services
for this purpose, we may, at our sole discretion, set a limit on the number of
auto conversion orders you may create, cancel your orders, set a limit on
the amount of money you can convert or transfer in one or more currencies
or in the same currency, restrict your ability to access certain features or use
our Services, or suspend or close your Wise Account. Wise may also hold,
cancel, or reverse any transaction we determine to violate this policy and
disgorge your gains.
15.8 Negative Balances. You promise to always have a zero or positive balance
in your Wise Account and to repay Wise if your Wise Account balance is
negative, including because of a chargeback, Reversal, deduction of fees,
any other error, or any other action. That negative amount represents an
amount you owe to Wise, and you must repay the negative amount
immediately without any notice from us. We may send you reminders or
take other actions to recover the negative amount from you, for example,
we may use a debt collection service or take further legal actions. We may
charge you for any costs we may incur as a result of these collection efforts.
For more information, see “What Happens if you owe us money”.
16. Jars
16.1 What is a Jar? A “Jar” is a sub account within the Wise Account that can be
used to segregate a portion of your funds. You may use jars to keep funds
for a designated purpose in the future, such as travel or to assist with your
budgeting. You can only put funds into your Jar by transferring money from
your Wise Account. You cannot use the funds directly from a Jar to make
payments. To use the funds held in a Jar you must transfer the funds out of
the Jar back into your Wise Account. The funds within a Jar may not be
accessed via direct debits or Card transactions and may not be spent or
sent by you unless they are moved out of the Jar. You should keep enough
unrestricted money in your Wise Account to cover all anticipated fees. Wise
is not responsible for fees resulting from unfunded transactions due to
funds being in a Jar.
16.2 Jars are not savings accounts, do not have their own account numbers,
and don’t earn interest. Money held in your Jars does not earn any interest
and is not insured by any deposit protection scheme, including the FSCS.
17. Using or spending funds in your Wise Account via Direct debits
17.1 Direct Debit. You can set up a BACS Direct Debit to allow someone else
(the payee) to take money from your Wise Account. This is an agreement
between you and a third party, and you may agree to allow such automatic
withdrawal on a recurring or sporadic basis. Examples of automatic
payments that can be arranged by you include those that may be called a
18
“billing agreement,” "subscription," "recurring payment,” “reference
transaction,” "preauthorized transfer" or "preapproved payment." You can
also cancel a BACS Direct Debits before they are made. BACS Direct Debits
can be cancelled before 3pm on the Business Day that they are due.
17.2 Direct Debit Refunds. BACS Direct Debits are collected from your Wise
Account based on a consent you have given in the past. We encourage
businesses to tell you the amount of any Merchant Initiated Payment
before they collect it. However, if you think a BACS Direct Debit has been
taken from your Wise Account in error, you can ask us to refund it within 8
weeks of it being paid. To request a refund, contact us and we will let you
know if your refund is successful within 10 business days.
17.3 Once your direct debit is cancelled, all future automatic payments under
your agreement with that seller will be stopped. If you cancel a direct debit,
you may still owe a third party for any goods or services that you receive but
have not paid for.
17.4 If you have given advance authorization, either to a third party or to Wise,
that permits the third party to take or receive payments from your Wise
Account on a regularly recurring basis (for example, every month or
otherwise on a routine cycle), and if such payments will vary in amount, you
have the right to advance notice of the amount and date of the transfer
from the seller, typically 3 days before the transfer is made. If the seller
provides the option, you may choose to receive this advance notice only
when the amount of your automatic payment will fall outside a range
established between you and the seller.
17.5 If you have authorised a direct debit and Wise performs a currency
conversion for an automatic direct debit transaction, Wise will use the
exchange rate offered at the time the transaction is processed.
18. Using or spending funds in your Wise Account via Cards
18.1 Cards. Your Card can be used to access and spend the funds in your Wise
Account, for example, to pay for goods and services online, over the phone,
or in person and can be used to withdraw money from ATMs. The Card is
not a guarantee card, charge card or credit card. It is not for resale. The Card
may be cancelled, repossessed, or revoked at any time without prior notice
subject to applicable law.
18.2 Digital card. You may apply for a digital Card as well as a physical Card.
Your digital Card will have a different set of card details from your physical
Card, but will draw from the funds in your Wise Account in the same
manner as your physical Card. Your digital Card is activated instantly once
those details are provided to you and can be used right away. The issuance
of the digital Card is free of charge and there are no monthly or annual fees.
You can freeze your digital Card at any time and unfreeze it once you are
ready to use it again.
18.3 Cards and FSCS. The UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme does
not apply as your Card is linked to your Wise Account, which is an electronic
19
money account and not a bank account. The Financial Services
Compensation Scheme does not apply to your Wise Account or Card.
18.4 Verification. We may carry out verification checks when you request a
Card in addition to the checks required to obtain a Wise Account, and we
may carry out further checks on an ad-hoc basis. These checks may
increase the time it takes to process your order for a Card. We are not
responsible for any delays because of carrying out those checks. If you have
paid a fee for your Card but we decide you do not meet our verification
requirements, we will cancel your Card and refund the fee you paid for your
Card within 14 days of our decision. We may not refund the fee in certain
circumstances.
18.5 How to activate your Card. When you receive your Card, please sign the
back of it as soon as you receive it and keep it safe. The Card PIN is a 4-digit
code that you may be asked to enter when making a payment using the
Card.
18.6 You must not make purchases or withdraw funds with your Card that
exceed the amount of funds available in your Wise Account. If any purchase
or withdrawal takes you over your available funds or the card limits
indicated by Wise the transaction will be declined.
18.7 Spending limits. While you may offer you the ability to set spending limits,
we reserve the right to add, increase, or decrease spending limits on your
Card from time to time. This is in our sole discretion without notice to you
except as required by law, for security or other reasons.
18.8 Other limits. We may, at our reasonable discretion, decline the use of your
Card for situations including, but not limited to:
a. Pre-authorized regular payments.
b. Transactions at self-service petrol pumps.
c. Transactions for cash (other than ATM withdrawal) including for
example cash back, cash from a bank, money orders, traveller’s
cheques, foreign exchange, or bureau de change, or any illegal
purposes.
d. Where it is not possible for the supplier of the good or service to
obtain online authorization that you have sufficient funds in your Wise
Account for the transaction. For example: transactions on trains, ships,
and some in-flight purchases.
e. Where there is suspicion that the Card is being used to exploit
vulnerabilities in a merchant’s payment processing or the card
payment ecosystem; or
f. Where we have grounds to believe that you have made false
statements to obtain reimbursement for a previous transaction.
18.9 When can we suspend or cancel your Card. Along with closing or
suspending your Wise Account, we can suspend or cancel your Card,
including if the activity on your Card or Wise Account appears suspicious,
fraudulent or may be associated with criminal activity or activity which is
20
inconsistent with this Agreement. Unusual or multiple purchases may
prompt a merchant inquiry or Card suspension to allow us to investigate
such activity.
18.10 We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit your use of the Card. We
may refuse to issue or replace a Card or may revoke Card privileges, other
than as required by applicable law. You agree not to use or allow others to
use an expired, revoked, cancelled, suspended or otherwise invalid Card.
We will not incur liability to you because of the unavailability of the funds
that may be associated with your Card or Wise Account.
18.11 Replacement of card. If you need to replace your Card for any reason,
please follow the instructions on our Website or App or contact Customer
Support. We will charge a fee for the replacement Card.
19. Card transactions
19.1 You authorise every transaction. You agree that any use by you of your
Card, card number or PIN constitutes your authorisation and consent to the
transaction.
19.2 Cards are for your sole personal use. You undertake not to authorise
others to use your identity or user status, and you may not assign or
otherwise transfer your Card to any other person or entity.
19.3 Card transaction fees. You agree to pay the Card transaction fees set forth
in the Pricing page. All the Card transaction fees will be withdrawn from
your Wise Account and will be assessed if there are funds remaining on
your Wise Account. If at any time your remaining funds are less than the
Card transaction fees being assessed, the funds in your Wise Account will
be applied to the Card transaction fees resulting in a zero amount on your
Wise Account, and your Card may be declined. The remainder of the Card
transaction fees due will be collected the next time you add funds to your
Wise Account.
19.4 Priority of currencies and currency conversion when you use your Card.
If you withdraw cash or make a purchase in a currency for which you hold a
balance in your Wise Account, Wise will use that currency for your
withdrawal or purchase, and you consent to and authorise Wise to convert
the currency in place of your Card network.
19.5 In a currency that you do not hold in your Wise Account. If you withdraw
cash or make a purchase in a currency for which you do not hold in your
Wise Account, or if you withdraw cash or make a purchase in a currency in
an amount that exceeds the available funds that you hold in that currency,
Wise may convert funds from another currency that you hold in your Wise
Account to cover that transaction, and Wise currency conversion fees will
apply. You cannot set a default or preferred currency to convert from.
19.6 When determining which currency to convert where you have more than
one currency in your Wise Account, Wise will use the currency with the
lowest conversion fee for the currency needed to complete the cash
withdrawal or purchase made by you. In cases where the conversion from
21
several currencies will have the same conversion fee, we will convert based
on the highest conversion rate. For more information on which currencies
would be used in the event that you use your Card to withdraw cash or
make a purchase in a currency that you do not hold in your Wise Account,
please check the Wise Pricing page or contact Customer Support.
19.7 In a currency that is not supported by Wise. If you withdraw cash or
make a purchase in a foreign currency that is not supported by Wise, the
rate charged by the VISA/MASTERCARD® network shall apply.
19.8 Please note that if you are offered the option at a point of sale (POS)
terminal to pay in local currency or to pay in your home or another
currency, you must pick the local currency if you want the Wise rate to
apply to your transaction.
19.9 Returns and Refunds. If you are entitled to a refund for any reason for
goods or services obtained with your Card, you agree to accept credits to
your Wise Account for such refunds and agree to the refund policy of that
merchant. Merchant refunds will be provided to Wise for crediting to
your Wise Account when they are received. Wise has no control over when
a merchant sends a refund transaction; there may be a delay between the
date of the refund transaction and the date the refund amount is credited
into your Wise Account and refunds from merchants may be in an amount
the same or less than the amount of the corresponding debit.
19.10 Refunds in different currencies. If you receive a refund on a Card payment
in a currency for which you have a balance, we will credit said balance. If
you receive a refund in a currency that you do not hold a balance or if you
receive a refund in a currency we do not support, we will credit your Wise
Account in the card's default currency, which may require us to convert the
currency.
19.11 Unjust enrichment. In case you notice a refund has been received twice for
the same transaction, for example in both your Wise Account and from a
merchant, you are required immediately to let us know, and we always
reserve the right to debit back a previously issued refund when a refund for
the same transaction has been provided by the merchant as well, without
prior notice.
19.12 No Warranty Regarding Goods or Services as Applicable. Wise is not
responsible for the quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of any goods
or services you purchase with your Card. Any disputes or issues with any
goods or services you purchase with your Card should be addressed to the
merchants or individuals from whom the goods and services were
purchased.
19.13 Disputed transactions. In case of disputed Card transactions, we may,
subject to any restrictions under applicable law, decide not to proceed with
Chargebacks at our sole discretion. Reasons for this might include:
a. Not receiving sufficient information to determine that an error
occurred.
22
b. Not receiving a notification about the payment error in a timely
manner.
c. Disputes being caused by the risky nature of transactions undertaken
with the Card.
d. We have evidence that you or someone you gave your Card to,
authorised the transactions in dispute.
20. When your Card expires
20.1 Your Card has an expiry date. You can only use your Card up until the
expiry date which will be shown on the back of your Card and/or in the App.
20.2 We’ll aim to notify you 2 months before your current Card will expire.
You then may order a new Card by following the instructions on our
Website or App. A replacement Card fee may apply (see here).
20.3 If you do not want your Card to be renewed, you can simply let it expire
without ordering a replacement. Your Card will be deactivated, and you will
not be able to use it after its expiry. You should destroy your expired Card.
21. Keep your Card safe
21.1 Keep your Card safe. Never let another person or third party use your Card
and keep it safe. Memorise your PIN and never disclose this and other
security information to anyone. Sharing these details can lead to
unauthorised access to your Wise Account and you will be solely
responsible for transaction(s) made in this situation. Wise will not be liable
for any loss arising due to any such unauthorised transaction(s).
21.2 Report any suspicious incidents. If your Card is lost or stolen, you suspect
that someone else knows your PIN, or if you think your Card, card number
or PIN may be misused, you agree that you must stop using the Card, and
immediately freeze or replace the Card. If this happens, we recommend
that you both call and email Customer Support right away. You can also
freeze your Card with immediate effect on our App under the Account tab.
If you find the Card after you have reported it lost, stolen, or misused, you
must destroy it and tell us as soon as you find it.
21.3 Your Liability for Unauthorised Card Transactions. In addition to other
limitations of liability provided for under this Agreement, your liability for
the unauthorised use of your Card may also be limited by Visa/MasterCard.
Under the MasterCard rules, you will have no liability for a transaction that
was not authorised by you if you exercised reasonable care in safeguarding
the Card from risk of loss or theft, and, upon becoming aware of such loss
or theft, promptly reported such loss or theft to Customer Support.
21.4 Under the Visa rules, you will have no liability for a transaction that was not
authorised by you if you were not fraudulent or negligent in the handling of
the Card, and, upon becoming aware of the unauthorised transaction,
promptly notified such transaction to Customer Support. This chargeback
policy is subject to change without notice and changes made by
Visa/MasterCard will automatically apply to you.
23
21.5 Disclosure of information to law enforcement authorities. If your Card is
used without your permission, or is lost, stolen or if you suspect the Card
may be misused, we may disclose to law enforcement agencies any
information which we reasonably believe may be relevant.
22. Card cancellation rights
22.1 Cancelling your Card. You may cancel your Card at any time with no
charge by logging into your Wise Account or through the App.
22.2 We have the right to cancel your Card. Note that subject to any
restrictions under applicable law, we reserve the right to cancel or suspend
your Card at any time for any reason. Use of your Card is subject to all
applicable rules and customs of any clearinghouse or other association
involved in transactions.
MONEY TRANSFERS
23. Sending money
23.1 Information you need to provide to set up a Money Transfer. To set up a
Money Transfer, you will need to provide certain information to us,
including, but not limited to, the full name of your recipient, your recipient’s
bank account details (e.g. sort code and account number for UK accounts
or the International Bank Account Number (IBAN) for payments made to
non-UK accounts) or their Wise Account information and the amount and
currency that you are sending.
23.2 You will need to sign into your Wise Account using all relevant passwords
and prompts to carry out a Money Transfer transaction. We will view your
use of all relevant passwords and prompts as the giving of your consent to
us to make a Money Transfer.
23.3 Payment order limits. We may place limits on the amount you may send
per Money Transfer. You can see more information in the Help Centre.
23.4 Remember. When you use our Money Transfer services you might be doing
business with another Wise entity depending on the currency you are
sending. You will be subject to that entity’s customer agreement for that
Money Transfer.
24. Paying for Your Money Transfer
24.1 How to pay for your Money Transfer. To pay for your Money Transfer, you
need to access your Wise Account or profile, by logging in on our Website
or App or via an API Partner, and follow the steps provided.
24.2 Payment methods. You may be presented with one or more methods of
paying for a Money Transfer (for example, a bank transfer, a credit or debit
card or a Wise Account balance). The number of payment methods made
available to you will depend on a few factors including where you live and
your verification status with us. We cannot guarantee the availability of a
24
particular payment method and we may change or stop offering a
payment method at any time without notice to you.
24.3 Payment instruments must be in your name. Any payment instrument
(for example, the credit card or debit card or bank account from which you
make a transfer) you use to pay for a Money Transfer must be in your name.
24.4 Paying with your debit or credit card. Where you can pay for a Money
Transfer using your debit or credit card, you will need to provide your card
details to us, including your card number and cardholder name. When you
choose to pay with a debit or credit card, you confirm that your card details
are correct, that you are authorised to access and transmit funds from your
card account, that your card account is in good standing with the
account-holding financial institution, and that you have the authority to
initiate a debit or credit card payment in the amount at issue to or from
your card account. You authorise us to initiate credits and debits to your
bank account through card payment networks to process your transaction,
including any applicable fees and charges, and this authorization shall
remain in effect so long as you are able to use our Services, unless cancelled
in accordance with this Agreement.
24.5 You need to provide us with sufficient funds, after you set up your
Money Transfer, before we can process it. We are not responsible for the
funds you have sent us until we have actually received them. We may only
process your Money Transfer if we hold or have received sufficient cleared
funds in accordance with this Agreement and the instructions provided. If
you send us funds before finalising a Money Transfer order, those funds will
either be placed into your Wise Account, or, if you do not have one, we will
attempt to return them to you. It is your responsibility to fund your Money
Transfer in a timely manner. We cannot be responsible for the time it takes
for the money to be sent to us by your or a third party’s bank or payment
service provider.
24.6 Adding Money by BACS Direct Debit. If you choose to pay for a Money
Transfer using BACS direct debit feature, you will need to provide your bank
login details or bank account details to us, including your bank account
number and routing number. When you choose to pay using BACS Direct
Debit and provide your details, you confirm that your details are correct,
that you are authorised to access and transmit funds from your bank
account, that your bank account is in good standing with the
account-holding financial institution, and that you have the authority to
initiate an electronic funds transfer in the amount at issue to or from your
bank account.
24.7 When you choose to pay using BACS Direct Debit, by providing your bank
account details and requesting a transaction, you authorise us to initiate
electronic credits and debits to your bank account through the BACS
network, including any applicable fees and charges, and this authorization
shall remain in effect so long as you are a registered user with our Service
unless cancelled in accordance with this Agreement.
25. Processing your Money Transfer
25
25.1 When we will complete your Money Transfer. We will complete your
Money Transfer once we have received your funds. For some payment
methods such as a credit or debit card, we may send your Money Transfer
as soon as possible.
25.2 Guaranteed rates. We may provide you with a guaranteed foreign
exchange rate for a period. We will notify you of the guaranteed rate and
the period during which we are offering that rate (the “Guaranteed
Period”) when you create your Money Transfer.
25.3 Guaranteed Periods are subject to the following conditions:
a. The Guaranteed Period may be extended if your Money Transfer is
created over the weekend or on a public holiday.
b. We must receive sufficient funds from you during the Guaranteed
Period to convert your funds at the guaranteed rate. You will see when
we have received your funds in your Wise Account or profile. Wise is
not responsible for the failure of a third party to send your funds to us
in a timely manner.
c. If we receive your funds after the Guaranteed Period, we will not be
able to convert your money using the guaranteed rate and your
transfer will become a non-guaranteed rate transfer. Accordingly, we
may convert your money at the applicable exchange rate at the time
we receive your money, or we may email you and ask you if you want
to proceed with your transfer at the new exchange rate.
d. If the Wise exchange rate changes by 5% or more during the
Guaranteed Period, we can, at our discretion, suspend your transfer for
a reasonable period or cancel your transfer and refund the money to
you.
e. For certain currencies, including where you are paying for a Money
Transfer with Japanese Yen (JPY), the guaranteed rate will only be
offered after your address has been verified by us.
f. We may change these guaranteed rate conditions or suspend the
guaranteed rate feature at any time.
25.4 The Wise exchange rates. We will confirm the available exchange rate (if
applicable) for your Money Transfer:
a. when you place your Money Transfer, if it is a guaranteed rate Money
Transfer; or
b. when we have received your payment, if it is a non-guaranteed rate
Money Transfer.
25.5 Chargebacks on your payment instrument. If you selected a payment
method which can be subject to chargeback (for example a credit card),
you agree that you will only exercise this chargeback right if:
a. we have breached this Agreement; or
b. there was an unauthorised use of your payment instrument, meaning
that you did not execute or authorise the payment.
26
25.6 You agree that you will not exercise your chargeback right for any other
reason, including a dispute with a recipient. If we need to investigate or
take any actions in connection with a chargeback caused by or related to
you, we may charge you for our costs in doing so and may deduct those
costs from your Wise Account (if you have one) or limit or remove your
access to our Services. See What happens if you owe us money.
25.7 When we receive your request. If your Money Transfer request is received
by us after 5pm UK time on a Business Day or on a day that is not a
Business Day (e.g., a weekend or bank holiday), your Money Transfer will be
deemed received on the following Business Day.
25.8 What happens after you have submitted your Money Transfer request.
Once we have received your Money Transfer request, we will provide you
with a unique transaction number which you can find in your Wise Account
or profile. You should quote this number when communicating with us
about a particular Money Transfer or other transaction.
25.9 Sending money using an email address. If you send money to a person
using an email address which is not registered with us, the money will not
be credited until the intended recipient has claimed the money by
following the steps set out for them in an email that they will receive. Until
that process is successfully completed, there is no relationship between us
and the intended recipient and the money continues to belong to you. We
will refund the money to you if the intended recipient does not claim the
money or if they have failed our recipient checks within a reasonable period
as determined by us.
25.10 Delay in transfer. We may delay processing a Money Transfer in certain
situations, including if we need to confirm that the transaction has been
authorised by you, because of verification checks or due diligence reviews,
or if other payments to your Wise Account have been reversed (for
example, because of a Chargeback or Reversal). Wise is not responsible for
such delays, where we have acted reasonably.
25.11 Completion time of your Money Transfer. The estimated completion time
of your Money Transfer will be provided to you when setting up your Money
Transfer.
25.12 We will use reasonable efforts to ensure funds arrive at your recipient’s
account within the timeframe provided. We will use reasonable efforts to
ensure that the funds arrive in the recipient’s bank account or payment
account within the notified timeframe provided to you. We do not have any
control over the time it may take for the recipient’s bank or payment
provider to credit and make available funds to the recipient.
25.13 Refusal of your Money Transfer. If we are unable to complete your Money
Transfer, we will let you know and, when possible, the reasons for the
refusal and an explanation of how to correct any factual errors. However, we
are not required to notify you if such notification would be unlawful.
25.14 You may cancel your Money Transfer before your funds are converted.
You may cancel your Money Transfer by following the instructions set out in
27
our Help Centre. You cannot cancel your Money Transfer once your funds
have been converted and transfer initiated.
25.15 When will I be notified of my scheduled Money transfer? If you have
scheduled a Money transfer in advance then we will notify you 24 hours
before your upcoming Money Transfer, setting out the total fees and the
estimated exchange rate for that Money Transfer. By scheduling a Money
Transfer, you agree to Wise sending the funds using the exchange rate at
any time on the scheduled date. If you have opted in to receiving
confirmation emails, we will send you a Money Transfer receipt after
successfully sending your scheduled Money Transfer.
25.16 You must ensure the information you provide to us is correct. You must
make sure that the information you provide when setting up a Money
Transfer is accurate. If we have processed your order in accordance with the
information you have provided to us it will be considered correctly
completed even if you have made a mistake.
25.17 What happens if you provide us with incorrect information. If you have
provided incorrect information to us, we may, but are not required to, assist
you in recovering your funds. We cannot guarantee that such efforts will be
successful as they rely on the policies and practices of other banks and
institutions. In addition, Wise may not be able to confirm that your
recipient’s name and account number match, as the names and other
information associated with third party accounts may not be known to
Wise. This means that if you provide an incorrect account number, your
funds will most likely go to the wrong account.
25.18 Finality. When you make a Money Transfer, the settlement and payout to
the recipient are final and irrevocable unless otherwise provided in this
Agreement or pursuant to applicable law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
26. Intellectual Property Rights
26.1 All rights, title and interest in and to any software (including without
limitation the App, the Website, the API, developer tools, sample source
code, and code libraries), data, materials, content and printed and
electronic documentation (including any specifications and integration
guides) developed, provided or made available by us or our affiliates to you,
including content of the Website, and any and all technology and any
content created or derived from any of the foregoing (“Wise Materials”)
and our Services are the exclusive property of Wise and its licensors. The
Wise Materials and Services are protected by intellectual property rights
laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
26.2 How you can use Wise Materials. While you are using our Services, you
may use the Wise Materials only for your personal use unless you have
received written permission from us and solely as necessary to enjoy our
Services. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and your
payment of any applicable fees, Wise grants you a revocable, non-exclusive,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free limited licence to access
28
and/or make personal use of the Wise Materials and Services. Any use of the
Wise Materials and Services not specifically permitted under this
Agreement is strictly prohibited. The licences granted by Wise terminate if
you do not comply with this Agreement or any other service terms.
26.3 When you cannot use Wise Materials. Unless you have received written
permission from us, you may not, and may not attempt to, directly or
indirectly:
a. use any of the Wise Materials for any commercial purpose or
otherwise infringe our intellectual property rights.
b. transfer, sublicense, loan, sell, assign, lease, rent, distribute or grant
rights in the Services or the Wise Materials to any person or entity.
c. remove, obscure, or alter any notice of any of our trademarks, or other
Intellectual Property appearing on or contained within the Services or
on any Wise Materials.
d. modify, copy, tamper with or otherwise create derivative works of any
software included in the Wise Materials; or
e. reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Wise Materials or the
Services or apply any other process or procedure to derive the source
code of any software included in the Wise Materials or as part of the
Services.
26.4 Wise Trademarks. This is a non-exhaustive list of Wise Trademarks : “WISE”,
“WISE CARD”, “WISE PLATFORM”, “WISEPLATFORM”, “WISE PAY”,
“WISEPAY”, “WISEBUSINESS”, “WISE BUSINESS”, “WISETRANSFER’, “WISE
TRANSFER”, “TRANSFERWISE”, “BORDERLESS”, “MONEY WITHOUT
BORDERS” and any other business and service names, logos, signs,
graphics, page headers, button icons and/or scripts (each as might be
amended from time to time) are all registered or unregistered trademarks
or trade dress of Wise or Wise’s licensors in the relevant jurisdictions (“Wise
Trademarks”).
26.5 You may not copy, imitate, modify, or use Wise Trademarks without our
prior written consent. You may use HTML logos provided by us for the
purpose of directing web traffic to the Services. You may not alter, modify,
or change these HTML logos in any way, use them in a manner that
mischaracterizes Wise or the Services or display them in any manner that
implies Wise’s sponsorship or endorsement. Further, you may not use Wise
Trademarks and trade dress in connection with any product or service that
is not Wise’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among
customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Wise.
26.6 All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company
names or logos not owned by Wise that appear in Wise Materials or in the
Services are or may be the property of their respective owners, who may or
may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Wise, and may
not be used without permission of the applicable rights holder.
27. Wise App
29
27.1 The App is subject to this Agreement and the App Store and Google
Play Rules. We licence the use of the App to you on the basis of this
Agreement and subject to any rules and policies applied by any app store
provider or operator whose sites are located at the App Store and on
Google Play. We do not sell the App to you. We always remain the owners of
the App.
27.2 App updates. From time to time updates to the App may be issued
through App Store or Google Play. Depending on the update, you may not
be able to use our Services via the App until you have downloaded the
latest version of the App and accepted any new terms.
27.3 Your right to use the App. In consideration of you agreeing to abide by the
terms of this Agreement, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive
licence to use the App on your device subject to this Agreement. We
reserve all other rights.
27.4 App Store terms. The following provisions apply with respect to your use of
any version of the App compatible with the iOS operating system of Apple
Inc. (“Apple”):
a. Apple is not a party to this Agreement and does not own and is not
responsible for the App.
b. Apple is not providing any warranty for the App except, if applicable,
to refund the purchase price for it.
c. Apple is not responsible for maintenance or other support services for
the App and shall not be responsible for any other claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses with respect to the App,
including any third-party product liability claims, claims that the App
fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement,
claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation, and
claims with respect to intellectual property infringement.
d. Any inquiries or complaints relating to the use of the App, including
those pertaining to intellectual property rights, must be directed to
Wise in accordance with this Agreement.
e. The licence you have been granted herein is limited to a
non-transferable licence to use the App on an Apple-branded product
that runs Apple’s iOS operating system and is owned or controlled by
you, or as otherwise permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s
App Store Terms of Service. In addition, you must comply with the
terms of any third-party agreement applicable to you when using the
App, such as your wireless data service agreement.
f. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this
Agreement and, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, will have the right (and will be deemed to have
accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a
third-party beneficiary. Notwithstanding this, our right to enter,
rescind or terminate any variation, waiver or settlement under this
Agreement is not subject to the consent of any third party, including
Apple.
30
28. Third Party Materials
28.1 Certain Website, App or API functionality may contain or provide you
access to information, products, services, and other materials by third
parties (“Third Party Materials”) or allow for the routing or transmission of
such Third Party Materials, including via links.
28.2 We neither control nor endorse, nor are we responsible for, any Third Party
Materials, including the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness,
reliability, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety of Third Party
Materials, or any intellectual property rights therein. Certain Third Party
Materials may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation or
warranty by us with respect to any Third Party Materials. We have no
obligation to monitor Third Party Materials, and we may block or disable
access to any Third Party Materials (in whole or part) through the Website,
App or API at any time. In addition, the availability of any Third Party
Materials through the Website, App or API does not imply our endorsement
of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Materials, nor does
such availability create any legal relationship between you and any such
provider.
28.3 Your use of Third Party Materials is at your own risk and is subject to any
additional terms, conditions, and policies applicable to such Third Party
Materials (such as terms of service or privacy policies of the providers of
such Third Party Materials).
OTHER LEGAL TERMS
29. Our responsibility for loss or damage
29.1 Unforeseeable loss or damage. We are not responsible for any loss or
damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is
obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we
and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us
during your sign up process.
29.2 We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would
be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury
caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents, or
subcontractors, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
29.3 We are not liable for business losses. To the extent permissible by law, if
you use our Services for any commercial or business purpose we will have
no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business
interruption, loss of business opportunity or similar.
29.4 We are not liable for technological attacks. We will not be liable for any
loss or damage caused by a virus, or other technological issues or attacks or
harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer
programmes, data or other proprietary material related to your use of our
Services.
31
29.5 We have no control over websites linked to and from our Website. We
assume no responsibility for such Third Party Materials or any loss or
damage that may arise from your use of them.
29.6 Our liability to you for unauthorised payments. In case of an
unauthorised payment, we shall at your request refund the payment
amount including all fees deducted by us. We may require proof that such
payments were unauthorised. This shall not apply where we believe:
a. Your Wise Account, or other personalised security features, are lost,
stolen, or misappropriated. You will be liable for the first GBP 35 of any
unauthorised payments if we believe you should have been aware of
the loss, theft, or unauthorised use. We will not hold you liable for the
first GBP 35 if the unauthorised payment was caused either by our
acts or omissions, or those of a third party expressly carrying out
activities on our behalf. Your liability for the first GBP 35 also does not
apply to any unauthorised transactions made after you have notified
us that your Wise Account or profile may have been compromised
(using the details we’ve given you).
b. You have acted fraudulently.
c. You do not quickly notify us of security issues (e.g., loss of your
password). You remain liable for losses incurred up to your notification
to us.
d. The payment transaction was unauthorised, but you have with intent
or gross negligence compromised the security of your Wise Account
or profile or failed to comply with your obligations to use your Wise
Account or profile in the manner set out in this Agreement. In such a
case you shall be solely liable for all losses; or
e. You don’t let us know about the unauthorised or incorrectly
completed transaction within 13 months from the date of the
payment transaction.
29.7 You are responsible for checking your Wise Account or profile regularly. We
rely on you to regularly check the transactions history of your Wise Account
or profile and to contact Customer Support immediately in case you have
any questions or concerns.
29.8 We are not liable for certain losses. You are solely responsible for losses
arising from your gross negligence or fraud. We also will not be liable in the
following instances:
a. If through no fault of ours, you do not have enough funds available for
your Money Transfer or in your Wise Account to complete the
transaction.
b. If a merchant refuses to accept your Card.
c. If an ATM where you are making a cash withdrawal does not have
enough cash.
d. If an electronic terminal where you are making a transaction does not
operate properly.
32
e. If access to your Card has been blocked after you reported your Card
lost or stolen or if Wise has reason to believe that your Wise Account
was compromised.
f. If there is a hold or your funds are subject to legal or administrative
process or other encumbrance restricting their use.
g. If the requested transaction is unauthorised as defined in this section
of this Agreement.
h. If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire, flood, or computer
or communication failure) prevent the completion of the transaction,
despite reasonable precautions that we have taken.
i. Any other exception stated in this Agreement.
29.9 We are not liable for things which are outside of our control. We (and
our affiliates) cannot be liable for our inability to deliver or delay because of
things which are outside our control.
29.10 You are liable if you breach this Agreement or applicable laws. In the
event of loss, claims, costs, or expenses (including reasonable legal fees)
arising out of your breach of this Agreement, any applicable law or
regulation and/or your, or any Authorised User’s use of our Services, you
agree to defend, compensate us and our affiliates and hold us harmless.
This provision will continue after our relationship ends.
29.11 What happens if you owe us money. In the event you are liable for any
amounts owed to us for whatever reason, we may immediately deduct
such amounts from your Wise Account (if available). If there are insufficient
funds in your Wise Account to cover your liability or you do not have a Wise
Account, you agree to repay the outstanding amount to us immediately on
demand along with any applicable fees and interest. If you do not repay
the outstanding amount, then, without prejudice to any other rights we
may have, we reserve the right to collect your debt to us by using any
payments received for our Services in the future (such as to fund a Money
Transfer or your Wise Account), and otherwise you agree to reimburse us
through other means. We may also recover amounts you owe us through
other collection avenues, including, without limitation, using a debt
collection agency. We may recover all reasonable costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in connection
with the enforcement of this Agreement.
29.12 Release. If you have a dispute with any other Wise Account holder or a
third party that you send money to or receive money from using the
Services, you release Wise from all claims, demands and damages (actual
and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising
out of or in any way connected with such disputes. This means that you
must use caution when dealing with third parties when using our Services.
29.13 In entering this release, you expressly waive any protections (whether
statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this
release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to
exist in your favour at the time of agreeing to this release.
33
29.14 Disclaimer of Warranty. The Services are provided “As-Is” “Where Is” and
“Where Available” and without any representation or warranty, whether
express, implied, or statutory. Wise specifically disclaims any implied
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement. We disclaim all warranties with respect to the Services to
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement, and title.
29.15 Availability of Services. We will try to make sure our Services are available
to you when you need them. However, we do not guarantee that our
Services will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend,
withdraw, discontinue, or change all or any part of our Service without
notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Services are
unavailable at any time or for any period.
30. Our right to make changes.
30.1 We may change this Agreement by giving you at least two (2) months’
prior written notice. This notice will be provided either by email or
displaying a notice in the App or in our Webpage. If we do this, you can
terminate this Agreement immediately by closing your Wise Account or
profile and ceasing use of our Services during the notice period (see section
“Closing you Wise Account or stopping your use of our Services”). If we
do not hear from you during the notice period, you will be considered as
having accepted the proposed changes and they will apply to you from the
effective date specified on the notice.
30.2 In some instances, we may change this Agreement immediately.
Notwithstanding section 33.1, changes to this Agreement which do not
require two months’ notice or are (1) more favourable to you; (2) required by
law; (3) related to the addition of a new service, extra functionality to the
existing Service; or (4) changes which neither reduce your rights nor
increase your responsibilities, will come into effect immediately if they are
stated in the change notice. Changes to exchange rates shall come into
effect immediately without notice and you shall not have the right to
object to such a change.
31. Complaints
31.1 If you have any complaints about us or our Services, you may contact us
following our customer complaint procedure.
32. General but important terms
32.1 No Third Party rights. This Agreement is between you and us. Except as
expressly provided in this Agreement (for example in the App Store terms),
no other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms. Neither of
us will need to get the agreement of any other person to end or make any
changes to this Agreement.
34
32.2 Assignment. You may not transfer, assign, mortgage, charge, subcontract,
declare a trust over or deal in any other manner with any or all your rights
and obligations under this Agreement (including the Wise Account)
without our prior written consent. We reserve the right to transfer, assign or
novate this Agreement (including the Wise Account) or any right or
obligation under this Agreement at any time without your consent. This
does not affect your rights to close your Wise Account under section 7.
32.3 Severability. Each of the paragraphs of this Agreement operates
separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are
unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full
force and effect.
32.4 Enforcement. Even if we delay in enforcing this Agreement, we can still
enforce it later. If we delay in asking you to do certain things or taking
certain action, it will not prevent us from taking steps against you at a later
date.
32.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes and extinguishes all
previous agreements between you and Wise, whether written or oral,
relating to its subject matter.
32.6 Governing law. This Agreement is governed by English law. Any dispute
between you and us in connection with the Services and/or this Agreement
shall be brought in the courts of England and Wales.
35