OUR TERMS OF BUSINESS AND DATA
PROTECTION STATEMENT
Section 1A – Our Terms of Business
Non-advised
For the majority of our products we only provide you with information, not advice, to help you decide if a product is right for you. On products
where we do provide advice, we will make this clear to you. Some products are only available via specific channels (e.g. internet only).
Put simply
We will provide you with a ‘non-advised’ service, which means we will give you information to help you make your decision.
Credit and other checks
If you apply for a credit/loan product we will perform a ‘credit search’, where we check details of your credit history with certain credit reference
agencies, who will keep a record of that search (including details about your application with us, whether or not it is successful). For a short
period of time this can affect your ability to get credit elsewhere. If the results indicate that the credit product that you are seeking would not
be suitable, your application may be declined and we will tell you. If your application is accepted we may file details about you and how you
manage your account at credit reference agencies. If you are applying for credit with another person (such as with a spouse or business partner),
a financial link between the two of you will be created at the credit reference agency. For more information, a leaflet called ‘Your application
and credit scoring’ is available on request. For all applications we will need to carry out some checks, including fraud checks and checking your
identity. We’ll check your details with fraud prevention and credit reference agencies to check your identity and application details, prevent and
investigate crime, trace and recover debt, check insurance claims and for analysis and testing.
Put simply
If you apply for a credit product, we will carry out a credit search to make a decision on your application and this will be recorded on your credit file.
Records will be linked together on joint applications.
Regulated
We are authorised and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and also regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
Our Financial Services Register number is 106054. You can check this on the Financial Services Register by visiting the FCA’s website
http://www.fca.org.uk/register. We are a member of the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) – ask for a leaflet in branch for more
information. We adhere to The Standards of Lending Practice which are monitored and enforced by the LSB:
www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk
Put simply
We are authorised and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and also regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. We are also a
member of the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
Making a complaint
We’re sorry if we haven’t provided you with the service you expect. By telling us about it we can put things right for you and make improvements.
We want to sort things out for you as soon as we can. The easiest and quickest way is by talking to us about your concern.

Please call our dedicated complaints team on 0800 171 2171.
Alternatively, you can contact us: in writing to: Complaints, Santander UK plc,
PO Box 1125, Bradford, BD1 9PG
at santander.co.uk, by logging on to your Online Banking and using
our secure messaging service. in person, by visiting any Santander branch.
Our Complaints Leaflet is available upon request and contains further information on our complaints process, including the handling timescales. This
information is also available on our website at santander.co.uk.
You may also be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service. The Financial Ombudsman Service acts as an independent and
impartial organisation which helps settle disputes between consumers and financial services businesses. You can find out more information at
http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
Alternatively, if you originally purchased your product with us online, you could submit your complaint through the European Commission’s Online
Dispute Resolution website. The European Commission may ultimately forward your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service. You can find
out more information at http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
Confidentiality
We treat any information you give us confidentially. On joint applications your information may be shared with the other applicant and you must
have their permission to provide their information. We may share the information with other companies in the Santander Group, our associated
companies and with our service providers and agents, some of whom may be in other countries. We may do this so they can manage your account
and to help us develop and improve our products and services. We will ensure your information is used in line with our own strict confidentiality
policies and as required under UK data protection legislation. Information may be shared with our regulators for regulatory purposes. We may use
the information to provide you with products and services and for marketing purposes. If you don’t want to receive marketing information, just tell
us. If we decide to send you marketing about a credit product, we’ll check your details at the credit reference agencies to see if it is appropriate to
send you the marketing, but a record of this will not be seen by other lenders searching your file. You have a number of rights under data protection
legislation. For more information on these ask for a copy of the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet.
Put simply
The information you give us is treated confidentially, in line with data protection legislation. For more information on your rights you can ask for a
copy of the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet.
Section 1B –
Data Protection Statement
Introduction
The Data Protection Statement sets out how we’ll use your personal data.
Your personal data is data which by itself or with other data available
to us can be used to identify you. We are Santander UK plc, the data
controller. This data protection statement sets out how we’ll use your
personal data. You can contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at 201
Grafton Gate East, Milton Keynes, MK9 1AN if you have any questions.
The types of personal data we collect and use
Whether or not you become a customer, we’ll use your personal data
for the reasons set out below and if you become a customer we’ll use
it to manage the account, policy or service you’ve applied for. We’ll
collect most of this directly during the application journey. The sources
of personal data collected indirectly are mentioned in this statement.
The personal data we use may be about you as a personal or business
customer (if you are one) and may include:
¡ Full name and personal details including contact information (e.g.
home and business address and address history, email address, home,
business and mobile telephone numbers);
¡ Date of birth and/or age (e.g. to make sure that you’re eligible to
apply);
¡ Financial details (e.g. salary and details of other income, and details of
accounts held with other providers);
¡ Records of products and services you’ve obtained or applied for, how
you use them and the relevant technology used to access or manage
them (e.g. mobile phone location data, IP address, MAC address);
¡ Biometric data (e.g. fingerprints and voice recordings for TouchID and
voice recognition);
¡ Information from credit reference or fraud prevention agencies,
electoral roll, court records of debt judgements and bankruptcies and
other publicly available sources as well as information on any financial
associates you may have;
¡ Family, lifestyle or social circumstances if relevant to the product or
service (e.g. the number of dependants you have);
¡ Education and employment details/employment status for credit and
fraud prevention purposes; and
¡ Personal data about other named applicants. You must have their
authority to provide their personal data to us and share this data
protection statement with them beforehand together with details of
what you’ve agreed on their behalf. When applying for a credit card
you must have permission to give information about any third party
named on the application form.
Providing your personal data
We’ll tell you if providing some personal data is optional, including if we
ask for your consent to process it. In all other cases you must provide your
personal data so we can process your application (unless you’re a customer
and we already hold your details).
Monitoring of communications
Subject to applicable laws, we’ll monitor and record your calls, emails,
text messages, social media messages and other communications in
relation to your dealings with us. We’ll do this for regulatory compliance,
self-regulatory practices, crime prevention and detection, to protect the
security of our communications systems and procedures, to check for
obscene or profane content, for quality control and staff training, and
when we need to see a record of what’s been said. We may also monitor
activities on your account where necessary for these reasons and this is
justified by our legitimate interests or our legal obligations.
Using your personal data: the legal basis and purposes
We’ll process your personal data:
1. As necessary to perform our contract with you for the relevant
account, policy or service:
a) To take steps at your request prior to entering into it;
b) To decide whether to enter into it;
c) To manage and perform that contract;
d) To update our records; and
e) To trace your whereabouts to contact you about your account and
recovering debt.
f) If a 1I2I3 Mini Account is opened in trust, you understand that the
trustee may have to hold a qualifying account for this account to
remain open.
2. As necessary for our own legitimate interests or those of other
persons and organisations, e.g.:
a) For good governance, accounting, and managing and auditing our
business operations;
b) To search at credit reference agencies at your home and business
address (if you are a business customer) if you’re over 18 and apply
for credit;
c) To monitor emails, calls, other communications, and activities on
your account;
d) For market research, analysis and developing statistics; and
e) To send you marketing communications and for marketing to you
in-branch, including automated decision making relating to this.
3. As necessary to comply with a legal obligation, e.g.:
a) When you exercise your rights under data protection law and make
requests;
b) For compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and related
disclosures;
c) For establishment and defence of legal rights;
d) For activities relating to the prevention, detection and investigation
of crime;
e) To verify your identity, make credit, fraud prevention and antimoney laundering checks; and
f) To monitor emails, calls, other communications, and activities on
your account.
4. Based on your consent, e.g.:
a) When you request us to disclose your personal data to other
people or organisations such as a company handling a claim on
your behalf, or otherwise agree to disclosures;
b) When we process any special categories of personal data
about you at your request (e.g. your racial or ethnic origin,
political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union
membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning your
health, sex life or sexual orientation); and
c) To send you marketing communications where we’ve asked for
your consent to do so.
You’re free at any time to change your mind and withdraw your consent.
The consequence might be that we can’t do certain things for you.
Sharing of your personal data
Subject to applicable data protection law we may share your personal
data with:
¡ The Santander group of companies* and associated companies in
which we have shareholdings;
¡ Sub-contractors and other persons who help us provide our products
and services;
¡ Companies and other persons providing services to us;
¡ Our legal and other professional advisors, including our auditors;
¡ Fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, and debt
collection agencies when we open your account and periodically during
your account or service management;
¡ Other organisations who use shared databases for income verification
and affordability checks and to manage/collect arrears;
¡ Government bodies and agencies in the UK and overseas (e.g. HMRC
who may in turn share it with relevant overseas tax authorities and
with regulators e.g. the Prudential Regulation Authority, the Financial
Conduct Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office);
¡ Courts, to comply with legal requirements, and for the administration
of justice;
¡ In an emergency or to otherwise protect your vital interests;
¡ To protect the security or integrity of our business operations;
¡ To other parties connected with your account e.g. guarantors and other
people named on the application including joint account holders who
04 will see your transactions;
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
05
¡ When we restructure or sell our business or its assets or have a merger
or re-organisation;
¡ Market research organisations who help to improve our products or
services;
¡ Payment systems (e.g. Visa or Mastercard) if we issue cards linked
to your account, your account is linked to a card on another current
account, or as a result of a transfer to another account you receive a
card. The Payment systems may transfer your personal data to others
as necessary to operate your account and for regulatory purposes,
to process transactions, resolve disputes and for statistical purposes,
including sending your personal data overseas; and
¡ Anyone else where we have your consent or as required by law.
International transfers
Your personal data may be transferred outside the UK and the European
Economic Area. While some countries have adequate protections for
personal data under applicable laws, in other countries steps will be
necessary to ensure appropriate safeguards apply to it. These include
imposing contractual obligations of adequacy or requiring the recipient to
subscribe or be certified with an ‘international framework’ of protection.
Further details can be found in the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet.
Identity verification and fraud prevention checks
The personal data we’ve collected from you at application or at any
stage will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to
prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud
is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment
in future. We may also search and use our internal records for these
purposes. Further details on how your personal data will be used by us and
these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be
found in the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet.
Credit reference checks (for current accounts, credit cards,
personal loans, mortgages, business current accounts and
1I2I3 Mini customers if you hold a current account from the
age of 18)
If you’ve applied for a credit product then in order to process your
application, we’ll perform credit and identity checks on you at your home
and business address (if you are a business customer) with one or more
credit reference agencies. To do this we’ll supply your personal data to
the credit reference agencies and they’ll give us information about you.
When we carry out a search at the credit reference agencies they’ll place a
footprint on your credit file. A credit search may either be: a) a quotation
search where a soft footprint is left. This has no effect on your credit
score, and lenders are unable to see this; or b) a hard footprint where
you’ve agreed/requested Santander to proceed with your application for
credit. This footprint will be viewable by other lenders and may affect your
ability to get credit elsewhere. (A credit search is not carried out if you are
under 18 or you apply for a Basic Current Account.) We’ll also continue
to exchange information about you with credit reference agencies while
you have a relationship with us. The credit reference agencies may in turn
share your personal information with other organisations. The personal
data shared with the credit reference agencies will relate to you and your
business (if you are a business customer). Details about your application
(whether or not it’s successful) will be recorded and we’ll give details of
your accounts and how you manage them to credit reference agencies.
We will use this personal data to manage your account, including any
future increase in your credit limit and card, and to determine the interest
rate payable and the way interest on the account is charged or calculated
if you apply for a credit card. If you do not repay any debt in full or on
time, they’ll record the outstanding debt and supply this information
to others performing similar checks, to trace your whereabouts and to
recover debts that you owe. Records remain on file for 6 years after they
are closed, whether settled by you or defaulted. A financial association link
between joint applicants will be created at the credit reference agencies.
This will link your financial records and be taken into account in all future
applications by either or both of you until either of you apply for a notice
of disassociation with the credit reference agencies. Very occasionally, if
we have insufficient information about you and you apply for a credit card,
we may use the information about other members of your family.
If you’re a business customer and you’re a director, we will seek
confirmation from the credit reference agencies that the residential
address that you provide is the same as that shown on the restricted
register of directors’ usual addresses at Companies House.
The identities of the credit reference agencies, and the ways in which
they use and share personal information is explained in more detail in
the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet, or via the Credit Reference Agency
Information Notice (CRAIN) document which can be accessed via any of
the following links:
¢ experian.co.uk/crain
¢ equifax.co.uk/crain
¢ callcredit.co.uk/crain
Your marketing preferences and related searches
We’ll use your home address, phone numbers, email address and social
media (e.g. Facebook, Google and message facilities in other platforms)
to contact you according to your preferences. You can change your
preferences or unsubscribe at any time by contacting us. In the case of
social media messages you can manage your social media preferences
via that social media platform. If you’re over 18, we may search the files
at credit reference agencies before sending marketing communications
or doing marketing in-branch to you about credit. The credit reference
agencies don’t record this particular search or show it to other lenders
and it won’t affect your credit rating. We do this as part of our responsible
lending obligations which is within our legitimate interests. If you have
previously told us that you don’t want information on other products and
services or to be included in market research, we’ll continue to respect
your wishes.
Automated decision making and processing
Automated decision making involves processing your personal data
without human intervention to evaluate your personal situation such as
your economic position, personal preferences, interests or behaviour,
for instance in relation to transactions on your accounts, your payments
to other providers, and triggers and events such as account opening
anniversaries and maturity dates. We may do this to decide what
marketing communications and marketing in-branch is suitable for you,
to analyse statistics and assess lending and insurance risks. All this activity
is on the basis of our legitimate interests, to protect our business, and to
develop and improve our products and services, except as follows; when
you we do automated decision making including profiling activity to
assess lending and insurance risks, this will be performed on the basis of it
being necessary to perform the contract with you or to take steps to enter
into that contract. Further details can be found in the ‘Using My Personal
Data’ booklet.
Other information about you if you are a business
customer
We may also hold all the information you give to us (i.e. name, address,
date of birth, nationality) in order to undertake periodic due diligence
checks which banks are required to undertake to comply with UK
legislation.
For Children’s accounts
The data protection statement applies to both the child and the trustee/
registered contact. Further details about how your personal data will be
used are included in the relevant data protection statement/Key Facts
Document. This data protection statement must be read in conjunction
with those documents.
If there are rules on the number of accounts in a child’s name of the
same type, or limits on deposits made into an account you understand
that we may need to refuse further applications/deposits and as such we
may need to tell the person making the application/deposit the reason
for the refusal.
Criteria used to determine retention periods (whether or
not you become a customer)
The following criteria are used to determine data retention periods for
your personal data:
¢ Retention in case of queries. We’ll retain your personal data as
long as necessary to deal with your queries (e.g. if your application is
unsuccessful);
¢ Retention in case of claims. We’ll retain your personal data for as
long as you might legally bring claims against us; and
¢ Retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.
We’ll retain your personal data after your account, policy or service has
been closed or has otherwise come to an end based on our legal and
regulatory requirements.
06
Your rights under applicable data protection law
Your rights are as follows (noting that these rights don’t apply in all
circumstances and that data portability is only relevant from May 2018):
¡ The right to be informed about our processing of your personal data;
¡ The right to have your personal data corrected if it’s inaccurate and
to have incomplete personal data completed;
¡ The right to object to processing of your personal data;
¡ The right to restrict processing of your personal data;
¡ The right to have your personal data erased (the “right to be
forgotten”);
¡ The right to request access to your personal data and information
about how we process it;
¡ The right to move, copy or transfer your personal data (“data
portability”); and
¡ Rights in relation to automated decision making including profiling.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
It has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data
protection law: ico.org.uk.
For more details on all the above you can contact your DPO or request
the ‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet by asking for a copy in branch or
online at santander.co.uk.
Data anonymisation and aggregation
Your personal data may be converted into statistical or aggregated data
which can’t be used to identify you, then used to produce statistical
research and reports. This aggregated data may be shared and used in all
the ways described above.
*Group companies
For more information on the Santander group companies, please see the
‘Using My Personal Data’ booklet.
07
PART 2
PART 2: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction
These General Terms and Conditions are split into six sections.
¡ 2A applies to all accounts. If any Conditions in 2B to 2D differ from
those in 2A then the relevant Condition in 2B to 2D applies.
¡ 2B applies to current accounts.
¡ 2C applies to savings accounts.
¡ 2D applies to Cash ISA.
¡ 2E applies to Junior ISA.
¡ 2F applies to CHAPS, EEA and International Payments made from
your account, where these services are available on your account. If
any Conditions in 2A to 2E differ from those in 2F then the relevant
Condition in 2F applies.
In addition, Specific Conditions may also apply to your account and these
will be set out in a separate document (called a Key Facts Document)
which will be given to you before you open the account. If a Specific
Condition differs from these General Terms and Conditions, the Specific
Condition is the one that applies.
These General Terms and Conditions, together with the Specific
Conditions in the Key Facts Document (or any document that replaces
the Key Facts Document) make up your agreement with us.
Current accounts also have a Fee Information Document which contains
some of the fees and charges that apply to your account. There may be
other applicable fees and charges which are set out in these General
Terms and Conditions and the Key Facts Document. In the event of any
inconsistency the fees and charges set out in the agreement will prevail.
You can request a copy of these General Terms and Conditions, the
Key Facts Document and the Fee Information Document at any time by
contacting a branch or our Telephone Banking service. You can also find
this information on our website.
The summary at the start of some of the Conditions explains what that
Condition is about, but the summary does not form part of the Conditions.
For details of how to operate your account, please refer to the Key Facts
Document.
To help you understand what some of the services on your account
mean, we have a glossary of industry standard terms and definitions
(“Glossary”). Where relevant, we have used these terms in the documents
forming your agreement with us. You can find the full Glossary on our
website or you can ask in branch for a copy.
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
08
Section 2A –
General Terms and
Conditions (applicable to
all accounts)
1 Meaning of words
 Summary: Certain words have a specific meaning throughout
these Conditions. These words and their meaning are
listed below.
 Our accounts are categorised into two types: ‘Payment
Accounts’ and ‘Non-payment Accounts.’ Generally an
account will be a Payment Account unless it has some form of
restriction on how money can be paid in or out of that account.
Examples of Payment Accounts include current accounts and
instant access savings accounts where money can be paid in
and out with minimal restrictions. Examples of Non-payment
Accounts include fixed term bonds or accounts where you are
charged a fee or lose interest payable if you make a withdrawal;
or an ISA where there are limits as to how much can be saved
each year. All these Conditions apply to both Payment and
Non-payment Accounts unless stated otherwise. You can find
details of whether your account is a Payment Account or Nonpayment Account on our website.
 ‘Fee Information Document’ is a document that sets out
 certain fees and charges for some of the services on your
 account (full details of all fees and charges are set out in these
 General Terms and Conditions and the Key Facts Document).
 ‘Key Facts Document’ is a document that details key
information in relation to your specific product, including any
Specific Conditions that apply.
 ‘Payment Details’ means the details you need to give us to
either pay money into your account or to send money or make
withdrawals out of your account as set out in conditions 4.1 and
6.3 in Section 2A.
 ‘Payment Instruction’ – Depending on your particular type of
account, you can instruct us to make a withdrawal or payment
from your account by:
 a) a written instruction signed by you;
 b) using your card, card details or an electronic wallet or
device on which your card details have been stored;
 c) telephoning us using the contact details given in the Key
Facts Document;
 d) by setting up electronic payments, if you use Online Banking
and instructing us to do so through our secure password
protected website and following the online instructions;
 e) giving us verbal instructions.
 ‘Personal Security Details’ means any personal details or
security process that we ask you to use to confirm your identity
or authorise a Payment Instruction to us. These may include
a password, selected personal information or other security
numbers or codes that we provide to you (such as a one time
passcode when you give us an instruction to send money using
internet or Mobile banking) or that you choose.
 ‘TPP’ means a third party payment provider which is authorised
to access information and make payments on online payment
accounts operated by other providers (such as us and other
banks, building societies and credit card issuers).
 ‘We’/ ‘Us’/ ‘Our’ means Santander UK plc.
 ‘Working Day’ means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday
or English public holiday. The length of a Working Day for the
purpose of making payments into or out of your account will
depend on the payment cut-off times for the method used.
The payment cut-off times will be different for branches, Online
Banking, Mobile Banking and Telephone Banking.
 ‘You’/‘Your’ means the customer in whose name the account
is held.
2 To qualify for an account
 Summary: there are a number of requirements you must meet
before you can open an account.
2.1 Unless stated otherwise in the Key Facts Document for your
product, you must permanently reside in the UK (excluding the
Channel Islands and the Isle of Man). If you are a Crown employee
serving overseas or are married to or in a civil partnership with a
person who performs such duties, you must retain a permanent
residential address in the UK for the account to remain open. You
must not use the account for business purposes.
2.2 You must provide us with any evidence which we require to be
satisfied of your identity. Details of identity requirements are
available from our branches.
3 Joint accounts
 Summary: the Condition below applies if you hold an account
jointly with others. Each of you are responsible for obligations
on the account.
3.1 Some of our accounts cannot be held in joint names or there
may be restrictions on the number of account holders. Please see
Section 3A or the Key Facts Document.
3.2 If you have an account that can be held in joint names:
 a) you are both responsible (individually and together) for any
money you owe us; and
 b) each of you can use the account on your own, without
the other’s approval (this includes instructions to close the
account) except in the case of savings accounts where we
have given you the option to run the account on an ‘all to
sign’ basis or ‘more than one signature’ basis and you have
taken this option up.
3.3 There are certain account services that cannot be used jointly
(such as internet banking or use of a debit card). If you agreed
that the account should be ‘all to sign’ when you applied for your
product, none of you will be able to have these account services
other than Online Banking on a ‘view only’ basis.
3.4 The right of each of you to use the account on your own is on the
condition that we do not receive notice of a dispute between you.
If one of you tells us of a dispute:
 a) any instructions will need the agreement of both of you;
 b) we can suspend some services on your account (including
Online Banking);
 c) we can ask you to return cheques and cards. Until they are
returned, transactions may still be deducted from your account;
 d) you are still responsible to us individually and together.
3.5 We will only transfer the account into the sole name of one of
you if all account holders agree and all cards and chequebooks are
returned from the other account holder(s) and we are satisfied that
you have sufficient financial standing to run the account alone.
3.6 If one of you dies, the account belongs to the remaining account
holder. We may share information about the account with
the deceased’s personal representatives. This could include
historical information about how the account was used as well as
statements and details about the state of the account at date of
death. This is the case even if the account isn’t held in joint names
any more when the person dies (in which case we may still provide
information about the period when it was held as a joint account).

09
PART 2, Section 2A
 If there is no account holder who survives:
 a) we will freeze your account. This means that all standing
orders will be cancelled; and
 b) the money in your account will normally be held by us until
we receive the right forms from your estate.
4 Paying money in
 Summary: this section explains how money can be paid into
your account and any associated restrictions.
4.1 Depending on your type of account money may be paid in by
cash, cheque, counter cheque, bankers’ draft or sent to your
account electronically. To pay money in, we must be provided
with the relevant Payment Details:
 a) for cash payments and money sent electronically, where your
account has an account number and sort code, we will require
these are provided. For accounts without an account number
and sort code, we will require different information, this may
include your account name, a reference number that we will
give to you or any other information that we tell you must be
provided;
 b) for payments using our cash machines, input your Personal
Identification Number - PIN; and
 c) for receiving money from outside the UK or in the UK but in
a foreign currency, the International Bank Account Number -
IBAN (if your account has one) and Bank Identifier Code
- BIC (which can be found on your statement).
 If money is paid in using incorrect Payment Details, we may pay it
into whichever of your accounts we think appropriate.
4.2 The balance shown on your account may include payments into
your account which are still being processed and not yet available.
4.3 Cash can only be paid in pounds, and only you can pay cash into
your account. You may pay money into your account using your
card at some of our cash machines. If the amount we actually
receive differs from that stated by you, we will pay into your
account the amount we actually receive and we will tell you that
we have done this.
4.4 The table below shows you when payments into your account will
be available to you:


Payment in When you can use the funds
Electronic payments
Receiving money
electronically
The money will be available
immediately as soon as we receive
it. (Where the money is sent
before 4pm on a Working Day,
we should receive it on the same
Working Day. In other cases, we
will receive it on the following
Working Day).
Receiving money
sent using the Faster
Payment Scheme
The money will usually be available
to you immediately after it is
received by us.
4.5 If interest is payable on your account, you will start to earn
interest from the Working Day that it is paid in provided that the
money is received by us before the cut off time on that Working
Day. For the purpose of calculating interest we treat Saturday
as a Working Day. The cut off time is a time towards the end
of a Working Day (the cut off time is usually not before 4pm).
Interest will stop being earned on a withdrawal the day before it
is deducted.
 In some cases (such as Online Banking) a payment made into
your account may appear on your account on a non-Working Day
(or outside the cut off time of a Working Day). In this instance
the funds may be available. However, interest will not start to be
earned until the next Working Day.
4.6 There may be a maximum or minimum limit to the amount of
money that can be held in an account. The Key Facts Document for
your account will tell you about any maximum or minimum limits.
5. Paying in cheques
 Summary: this section explains how cheques can be paid into
your account.
5.1 Only cheques made payable to you can be paid into your account.
Cheques are out of date after six months. We may return the outof-date cheque or a copy of the out-of-date cheque to you.
5.2 Cheques go through a ‘clearing cycle’ which affects when funds
will be made available to you, when interest starts to be earned
from and when you can be sure the money is yours. Please see
below for information on the clearing cycles for cheque, counter
cheque and bankers’ draft processing.
5.3 Cheques can be returned unpaid by the bank of the person who
wrote the cheque, even if funds have been made available to you.
Even if you have used these funds to make a withdrawal or make
a payment, we may still be able to take the money back out of
your account. If you have been fraudulent, we can recover these
funds at any time. If taking the money back out of your account
means that you would have no money left in your account and
you do not have an Arranged Overdraft, or would cause you
to exceed any Arranged Overdraft limit, you will be treated as
making an Unarranged Overdraft request. Condition 7 in Section
2B.1 gives full details of our Unarranged Overdraft service.
5.4 Until at least July 2018, cheques may be cleared in one of the
following two timescales, depending on how and where you pay
in the cheque. The timescales for each of these cycles is set out as
follows. When you pay in a cheque you can ask which timescale
will apply.
Payment in When you can use the funds
Cash
Over the counter at
Santander branches Immediately
Using your card at
any Post Office®
branch
Immediately
At one of our cash
machines where cash
can be paid in (bank
notes only)
Immediately.
At one of our Drop
Boxes
The money is not counted
straightaway and will be available
to you when we have counted the
cash. This will be no later than
midnight on the next Working Day.
10
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
6 Taking money from your account
 Summary: this section explains how you can withdraw
money, make payments from your account, any associated
restrictions and processing timescales.
6.1 We will allow withdrawals or payments from your account:
 a) if you have enough available money in your account or
enough unused Arranged Overdraft to cover the withdrawal
or payment; or
 b) if you request an Unarranged Overdraft and we agree to
provide that service.
6.2 Please see the definition of ‘Payment Instruction’ in Condition
1 in Section 2A for details on how you can instruct us to make
payments or withdrawals. If you give us a Payment Instruction in
any of the ways listed in that definition, you are consenting to us
taking the withdrawal or payment from your account.
6.3 Payment Details
6.3.1 When you give us a Payment Instruction, you must provide us
with the following information (“Payment Details”):
 a) for sending money within the UK, the account number and
sort code of the person you want to pay;
 b) for withdrawals in branch, you must provide us with proof of
ownership of the account (for example a passbook or card);
 c) for cash machine withdrawals, input your PIN;
 d) for sending money outside the UK or in the UK but in a
foreign currency:
 (i) the name and (as required) address, Routing Code and/ or
correct BIC of the bank of the person you want to pay;
 (ii) the bank account number or IBAN of the person you want
to pay.
 It is important that you give us accurate Payment Details as we
won’t be responsible for any payment made incorrectly when you
have given us the wrong Payment Details.
6.3.2 In addition to the Payment Details, we may also ask you to
provide us with other information for example:
 a) the name and address of the person you want to pay, and
 b) other information depending on the country you want us to
send money to.
 We will ask you to provide this information, if we need it, when
you give us your Payment Instruction.
6.4 We will treat a Payment Instruction as received from you (or, if
applicable, the person requesting a payment from you) at the
time that instruction is actually received by us, except:
 a) if we receive the Payment Instruction on a non-Working Day,
then we will treat it as received on the following Working Day.
If your Payment Instruction is an instruction to withdraw cash
using your card and PIN from a cash machine or a payment
made using a card and PIN or a payment made using a
contactless card, we will treat your instruction as received at
the time that instruction is actually received by us; or
 b) if the Payment Instruction is received by us after the relevant
cut off times listed in the following table, it will be treated as
having been received on the following Working Day; or
 c) If the Payment Instruction is for a CHAPS, EEA or
International Payment the time we will treat it as being
received is set out in the CHAPS, EEA and International
Payments Terms and Conditions in Section 2F.
Cheques clearance timescales
(i) 2-4-6 timescale
Day Cheque paid in Day interest begins Day we allow you to withdraw
money out Day you can be sure the money is yours
Monday Wednesday Friday Following Wednesday
Tuesday Thursday Monday Following Thursday
Wednesday Friday Tuesday Following Friday
Thursday Saturday Wednesday Following Monday
Friday Tuesday Thursday Following Tuesday
Saturday Wednesday Friday Following Wednesday
Sunday Wednesday Friday Following Wednesday
Cheques paid in using one of our cash machines may take up to two additional days before the money is available for withdrawal and for you to be
certain that the money is yours.
For cheques paid in at the Post Office you should add two Working Days to the above timescale.
(ii) 1 -2- 2 timescale (New image clearing system)
If a cheque is paid into your account, including via one of our cash machines on a Working Day, it will start to earn interest and you can be sure that
the money is yours to withdraw by the end of the next Working Day. An extra Working Day should be added for cheques paid in on a Saturday or at
the Post Office.
Under this clearing system cheques will be paid in and cleared using an image of the cheque. So if you want a copy of the cheque we will only be able
to give you a copy of the imaged cheque.
If you are making a payment by writing a cheque you should always make sure you have sufficient available funds in your account to make the payment
when you write the cheque as the money could leave your account as early as the day after you have written the cheque and given it to the recipient.
For more information about cheque clearing cycles see the Frequently Asked Questions on Payments on our website or ask in branch. We will keep
you updated on when the 2 -4 -6 timescale will be fully replaced by the 1–2–2 timescale.
11
PART 2, Section 2A
6.5 Withdrawals from your account
6.5.1 Maximum daily limits apply to the amount of cash you can
withdraw using your chequebook or card. For accounts that allow
withdrawals at the branch counter, the following maximum or
minimum limits will apply:

Minimum amount for cash
withdrawals at branch counter*
More than £50
Minimum amount for cheque
withdrawals at branch counter*
More than £1,000
Maximum daily limit for cash
withdrawals at branch counter*
£500 (£2,000 if using
CHIP and PIN)
Maximum daily limit for
cash withdrawals from a
cash machine*
£300
 *There may be exceptions to this. Please ask in branch for more
details. We may stop providing the counter cheque service.
Withdrawals at branch counters may be subject to a fee.
We will tell you of any changes or applicable fees by notices
displayed in our branches.
6.5.2 If we send money as a faster payment using the Faster Payments
Scheme, that payment will be subject to the scheme limits.
Information on the Faster Payment Scheme transaction limits are
available on the UK Payments Administration website
www.ukpayments.org.uk. However, in some circumstances we
may apply lower transactional limits and you will be informed of
these when you give us your Payment Instruction.
 For further information about Faster Payments see the
Frequently Asked Questions about payments on our website or
ask in branch.
6.6 We can refuse any Payment Instruction, if:
a) it is requested by using our Unarranged Overdraft service;
 b) you do not have enough available money in your account;
 c) you have exceeded your maximum daily withdrawal limit
under Condition 6.5 in Section 2A;
 d) it may place us in breach of any legislation or law or we
reasonably suspect that it may result in any regulatory action
against us in any jurisdiction;
 e) we reasonably suspect it relates to fraud or any other
criminal act;
 f) you are in breach of any of these Conditions;
 g) it exceeds any transactional limits that we apply.
 If we refuse to allow a withdrawal or payment from your account
we will tell you the following by the end of the next Working Day
after the day we receive your Payment Instruction:
 (i) that we have done so;
 (ii) the reason why we refused; and
 if you think we have based our decision on mistaken information,
how you can ask us to rectify that mistake.
 We will not tell you that we are refusing a payment or withdrawal
if the law prevents us from doing so.
6.7 Stopping a payment
6.7.1 You can ask us to stop a payment by contacting a branch or
phone us on 0800 9 123 123. If you are stopping a Direct Debit
you must also tell the person to whom the Direct Debit is
payable. Generally we will not be able to stop a payment after we
have received your Payment Instruction although we will try to do
so provided that:
 a) the payment has not already been made;
 b) you give us details of the date and amount of the payment
you want us to cancel and the name, account number and
sort code of the person you asked us to pay;
 c) it is not a debit card payment, cash payment, counter cheque
or bankers’ draft.
6.7.2 If you are stopping a recurring debit card payment (that is, a
continuous payment transaction on your debit card initiated
by a payee and authorising us to make payments) we will stop
the payment provided that we receive notice from you no later
than close of business on the Working Day prior to the date the
payment was due to be made. We recommend that you also tell
the payee.
6.8 Processing payments and withdrawals from your account
6.8.1 Payments by internet, phone, electronic transfer, Direct Debit
or, standing order are normally transferred from your account
on the same Working Day we receive the Payment Instruction.
The money will normally reach the bank of the person you want
to pay no later than the end of the Working Day following the
Working Day on which we receive the Payment Instruction.
6.8.2 If we are able to send the money as a faster payment using the
Faster Payments Scheme, we will do so. A faster payment will
normally reach the bank of the person you want to pay in the
timescale set out in the table in Condition 6.4 in Section 2A
provided that
 a) the bank of the person you want to pay is a member of the
Faster Payments Scheme;
 b) you have provided a sort code for the bank of the person
you want to pay which is recognised by the Faster Payments
Scheme;
 c) the amount of the payment is within Faster Payments Scheme
Limits (see Condition 6.5.2 in Section 2A);
 d) we do not suspect fraudulent activity on your account.
(There may be a delay in processing the payment while fraud
prevention checks take place. We may need to contact you
if we suspect that a payment is fraudulent). If we contact
you, this may be by phone and may include an automated
message. If we are unable to send your payment as a
faster payment, we will attempt to contact you to agree an
alternative method of sending the money.
6.8.3 If you are sending money outside the UK, please also see
Condition 14.4 in Section 2A and the CHAPS, EEA and
International Payments Terms and Conditions in Section 2F.
6.9 Automatic payments, such as Direct Debits and standing orders,
are usually taken from your account at the beginning of the
Working Day that they are due.
Payment type Cut-off time (branch) Cut-off time (contact centre) Cut-off time (online) When the money usually
arrives at the recipient’s bank
Faster Payments Opening hours Opening hours N/A (any time) Immediate
Standing order
/ future dated
payment in pounds
Close of business,
Working Day before
payment due
Close of business, Working Day
before payment due
Close of business,
Working Day before
payment due
Working Day on which
payment is due
Internal Transfer Opening hours Opening hours N/A (any time) Immediate
12
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
6.10 There can be a delay between using your debit card to make a
payment and the time when that debit card payment is taken
from your account but the amount of that debit card payment
may reduce the amount of money available in your account for
other transfers, withdrawals or payments you instruct us to make.
You should check the amount of money available in your account
before giving us a Payment Instruction.
6.11 When you withdraw money from your account by way of cash,
counter cheques or (if available) bankers’ draft, your account is
debited immediately.
7. Unauthorised and incorrect payments
7.1 Notification of Unauthorised or Incorrect Payments
 If you believe that a payment on your account was not authorised
by you or was made incorrectly, you must notify us as soon as
possible either at a branch or by telephoning us on the number
shown at the end of these Terms and Conditions. This number
can also be found in the Key Facts Document, your statement,
your card carrier and on our website.
7.2 Your Remedies for Unauthorised Payments
 Your remedy for an unauthorised payment will depend on
whether or not your account was overdrawn at the time the
unauthorised payment was taken or if it was in credit. If your
account was in credit at the time of the unauthorised payment
but the payment took it into overdraft, each element of the
payment will be treated separately for these purposes:
 a) Subject to Condition 13.3 in Section 2A, we will not refund you
in any circumstances if:
 (i) you authorised the payment;
 (ii) someone else used your card with your agreement;
 (iii) you have acted fraudulently.
 b) Subject to Condition 13.3 in Section 2A, except where your
account is in overdraft, we will also not refund you if:
 (i) someone else used your passbook, PIN or Personal
Security Details with your agreement;
 (ii) you deliberately, or with gross negligence, disclosed your
PIN or Personal Security Details to someone else;
 (iii) you deliberately failed to follow any of the safeguards
referred to in Condition 9.7 in Section 2A or you are
grossly negligent in failing to follow any of them;
 (iv) after becoming aware you delayed unreasonably in
notifying us that the payment was unauthorised; or
 (v) you failed to tell us the payment was unauthorised within
13 months of the date on which the payment occurred or
ought to have occurred.
 c) In all other cases, if you notify us that a payment was not
authorised by you, we will refund to your account the amount
of the payment and any fees and/or interest and charges
directly incurred on the account as a result of the payment
or which would not have been incurred or would have been
earned on the account had the unauthorised payment not
been made.
 d) However, where your card, mobile device, passbook, PIN, or
your Personal Security Details are used without your authority
by someone else in circumstances other than those in
Condition 13.3 in Section 2A then we may debit up to £35 from
you before applying the refund. You will be responsible for the
full amount of the payment if any of the circumstances in (a)
or (b) of this Condition 7.2 apply.
 e) We will refund your account:
 (i) If your account is overdrawn, as soon as we are reasonably
satisfied that you are entitled to the refund; or
 (ii) If your account is in credit, by the end of the next
Working Day after we become aware of the unauthorised
payment. Before we refund your account, we are
entitled to carry out an investigation if there are
reasonable grounds for us to suspect that you have
acted fraudulently, or we can show that you’ve acted
deliberately or have been grossly negligent.
 f) We may debit your account with any amount refunded
under (e) where we subsequently become aware that the
circumstances in (a) or (b) of this Condition 7.2 apply.
 g) If you dispute that you have carried out a payment with a
card, passbook, cheque, PIN or Personal Security Details,
we expect you to co-operate with us and the police in any
investigations. We can give the police and other banks that
are involved any information necessary to enable them to
carry out their investigations. We have to prove: any allegation
of fraud; or that you were grossly negligent in failing to follow
any of the safeguards listed in Condition 9.7 in Section 2A; or
that a card has been received by you.
 We will conduct any investigation as quickly as possible and may
ask you to reasonably assist in that investigation.
7.3 Your Remedies for Incorrect Payments
 We are responsible for making payments on your account
correctly. If you tell us that a payment has not been made or has
been made incorrectly by us, after you tell us, we will:
 a) refund your account with sufficient money to restore your
account to the same position as if the incorrect payment had
not been made. This normally means that we will refund your
account with any fees and interest we have charged or you
may have lost in connection with the incorrect payment;
 b) if you ask us to, make immediate efforts to trace the incorrect
payment and notify you of the results of that action.
 If a payment has been delayed because of our error, we can, at
your request, ask the receiving bank to ensure that the payment is
credited to the payee’s account as if it was made on time.
7.4 Payments made into your account in error
 If a payment is made into your account by mistake, the money may
be taken back out of your account. How and when we do this will
depend on the type of payment and the reason for the mistake.
 a) For CHAPS payments and SEPA credit transfers, if the sending
bank (or the sender) has made a mistake, we will not take the
money back out of your account without your permission. If
you do not think that the payment has been made in error, we
will let the sending bank know.
 b) For BACS payments or Faster Payments, if we reasonably
believe the sending bank (or the sender) has made a mistake,
and tells us:
 (i) within 2 months of the money being paid into your
account, we may prevent you from using the money
and we can take the money back out of your account
and return it to the sending bank. We do not need your
permission to return the money;
 (ii) after 2 months of the money being paid into your account,
we will not take the money out of your account without
your permission.
 c) If we have incorrectly credited any payment to your account,
we will take the money back out of your account. We do not
need your permission to do so.
 If a payment is made into your account by mistake, you agree
that we may share all relevant information with the sending bank
so that the payer can trace the money.
7.5 We do not need to do any of the things listed in Condition 7.3 in
Section 2A and we are not responsible for an incorrect payment
on your account where:
 a) you fail to tell us (using the contact details provided in this
13
PART 2, Section 2A
document and in the Key Facts Document) of the incorrect
payment without undue delay and in any case within 13
months of the date on which the payment occurred (or in the
case of a failed payment ought to have occurred); or
 b) the cause of the incorrect payment is because you gave us
the wrong (or insufficient) Payment Details for us to make the
payment; or
 c) we can demonstrate to you (and if applicable the beneficiary’s
bank) that the beneficiary’s bank received the payment within
the relevant execution time listed either in Condition 6.4 in
Section 2A or in Condition 1.1 in Section 2F (in which case the
beneficiary’s bank is legally required to make the payment to
the person you want to pay).
 In these circumstances we will use reasonable efforts to recover
any money paid out of your account or not paid into your account
as a result of the failed or incorrect payment.
8. Interest and fees
8.1 Fees or interest you pay are listed in the Key Facts Document
and if you have a current account, certain fees and charges are
also set out in the Fee Information Document. We give you our
current interest rates and fees information when you apply for
your account. These can be obtained by contacting us or checking
our website.
8.2 Interest we pay you is calculated on a daily basis (unless we have
told you otherwise). The Key Facts Document will explain when
and the frequency with which we may pay you interest. This will be
at least annually but may be more frequent if your account allows.
8.3 For the purpose of calculating interest, we work on the basis that
there are 365 days in a year, unless it is a leap year where interest
is calculated on a 366 day basis. Interest is calculated differently in
a leap year and deposits made after 29 February will receive less
interest than they would in a non-leap year.
9. Personal Security Details and protecting your account
 Summary: you must keep your Personal Security Details
secure and follow the safeguards in this document and on
santander.co.uk to keep your Personal Security Details, PIN,
card and chequebook secure. We can suspend the use of your
Personal Security Details and card in some situations.
9.1 We may provide you with, or ask you to choose, Personal
Security Details to enable you to access your account, using the
internet, telephone and other remote access channels. We treat
your use of your Personal Security Details as your consent to
any instructions you give using the internet, telephone or other
remote access channel. We will tell you of any restrictions when
choosing Personal Security Details which you must follow.
9.2 If you have a joint account, each of you will be given your own
Personal Security Details and can use available services on your
own. Neither of you may allow the other to use your cards, PIN or
Personal Security Details.
9.3 We must be satisfied of your identity and can refuse instructions
if we doubt your identity. We may ask you to show identification,
for example, when making an account withdrawal.
9.4 We can withdraw or suspend your cards, chequebook, PIN or
Personal Security Details:
 a) if we believe that this is necessary for security reasons;
 b) to prevent suspected unauthorised or fraudulent use of your
card, chequebook, account, remote access services or any
related services which you can access using Online Banking,
Telephone Banking or other remote access channels; or
 c) where there is a significantly increased risk you will not be
able to repay any money you owe on your account. We can
do this, for example, if there have been too many unsuccessful
attempts to access your account using incorrect Personal
Security Details.
9.5 If we withdraw any of your card(s), PIN or any of your Personal
Security Details:
 a) we will tell you and our reasons why beforehand. If we are
unable to tell you beforehand, we will tell you immediately
afterwards;
 b) we do not have to tell you that we are withdrawing your
card(s), PIN or Personal Security Details, if this would
compromise our security or be unlawful;
 c) you can apply for a new card, PIN or Personal Security Details
by speaking to us at one of our branches or by telephone.
 We can then reactivate and/or replace your withdrawn PIN or
Personal Security Details as soon as possible, provided that the
reason for its withdrawal no longer exists.
9.6 You must follow the safeguards to protect your chequebook,
card, PIN and Personal Security Details set out in Condition 9.7 in
Section 2A.
9.7 The care of your chequebooks, cards, PINs, Personal Security
Details and selected personal information is essential to help
prevent fraud and protect your account. To ensure this you must:
 a) sign your physical card in permanent ink as soon as you
receive it;
 b) destroy the notification of your PIN and/or Personal Security
Details as soon as you receive them;
 c) always take reasonable steps to keep your cards safe and
your PIN, Personal Security Details and selected personal
information secret and dispose of them safely. Fraudsters
use various methods such as searching in dustbins to obtain
personal information. You must take simple precautions such
as shredding paper containing personal information;
 d) not keep your chequebooks and cards together;
 e) not allow anyone else to use your cards, PIN, Personal
Security Details or selected personal information (not even
someone with whom you share a joint account);
 f) not disclose your PIN, any one time passcode we give you
or other Personal Security Details to anyone else, not even a
member of Santander staff;
 g) not write down or record your PIN, Personal Security Details
or personal information on your card (or anything kept with it)
or on any documents relating to your account. If you do write
down or record your PIN, Personal Security Details or personal
information, you must disguise this information so that it
cannot be understood by anyone else;
 h) only enter your Personal Security Details where you are
requested to do so by an Online Banking screen;
 i) act on any further instructions we give you to ensure that
your Online Banking is secure. Any instructions will reflect
good security practice, taking account of developments in
e-commerce;
 j) take reasonable steps to avoid selecting a PIN or Personal
Security Details that may be easy to guess;
 k) take reasonable steps to ensure that no one hears or sees
your PIN or Personal Security Details when you use them;
 l) take reasonable steps to keep your PIN or Personal Security
Details unique to the accounts that you hold with us;
 m) take immediate steps to change your PIN or Personal Security
Details and tell us as soon as possible if you think that
someone else knows your PIN or Personal Security Details, or
if we ask you to do so, where we believe security may have
been compromised on your account;
 n) not record your PIN or Personal Security Details on any software
which retains it automatically (for example, any ‘save password’
prompts) unless retaining your PIN or Personal Security Details
is a function of a banking service provided by us;
14
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
 o) take reasonable steps to secure your mobile phone or other
mobile device (for example set up a security password or PIN)
so that it cannot be used to access Mobile Banking if it is lost
or stolen and so that others cannot access any alerts or other
communications from us that may be stored on it;
 p) comply with the security procedures we tell you about from
time to time.
9.8 To prevent and detect fraud, where we hold information about
devices you use such as mobiles or tablets, we may use location
or other data from these devices. For example, we may check if
you are in the country where your payments are being made in
instances where we suspect fraud on your account. We will not
use this information for any other purpose.
9.9 Our fraud detection systems may highlight unusual spending
patterns. We may call you, write to you or send you an SMS if
there are unusual payments in or out of your account or if we
believe your account is at risk of a security threat. These calls may
include computer-generated speech. If you do not want us to
contact you in this way please contact us on 0800 9 123 123.
10. Online and Mobile Banking service
Summary: this section relates to Online and Mobile Banking.
The Terms and Conditions of the Online and Mobile Banking
services also apply.
10.1 To access the online and mobile services you will need to accept
the conditions of use and use your Personal Security Details.
10.2 We can limit the amount of money you can send from your
account using Online or Mobile Banking or ask you to contact us
for payments that require additional authorisation.
10.3 If you do not use Online or Mobile Banking for at least 12 months,
we may treat this as your indication that you no longer require
the service and may remove your accounts from Online or Mobile
Banking (on giving you no less than 2 months’ advance notice).
10.4 Except as set out in Condition 13 in Section 2A, you are not
responsible for payments made on your account via Online
Banking, Mobile Banking or Telephone Banking which were not
carried out by you, or for access and use of Online, Mobile or
Telephone Banking services by someone else.
11. Third Party Providers
 Summary: this section explains how TPPs can access your
account and the circumstances under which we are allowed to
block such access.
11.1 You can instruct a TPP to access information on your accounts
with us or make payments from your accounts with us as long
as it has identified itself to us and acted in accordance with the
relevant regulatory requirements. We will treat any instruction
from a TPP as if it was from you.
11.2 Although you must not, generally, give your security details to
anyone else, you may give them to a TPP if they ask for them.
11.3 For an initial interim period (expected to be no more than
18 months from January 2018), some TPPs may (with your
permission) choose to access your accounts without identifying
themselves to us. As a result, it is important that you check that
any TPP you use is authorised to access your account. They
should make this clear from the information they give you.
You must not give your security details to a third party that
isn’t authorised. If you do, we’ll have to assume it’s you that’s
authorising us to give access to information about your accounts
and you’ll be responsible for any payments made as a result.
11.4 We may refuse to allow a TPP to access your account where
we are concerned about unauthorised or fraudulent access by
that TPP. Before doing so, we will tell you that we intend to
deny access and give our reasons for doing so, unless it is not
reasonably practicable, in which case we will tell you immediately
afterwards. In either case, we will tell you in the manner in which
we consider most appropriate in the circumstances. We won’t tell
you where doing so would compromise our reasonable security
measures or otherwise be unlawful. If we deny access to a TPP,
we must also tell our regulator that we have done so.
12. Using your cards 12.1 Cards, passbooks and chequebooks are our property and we can
ask you to return them to us and can ask anyone acting for us to
retain them.
12.2 We tell you the PIN to be used with your card. We may also
ask you to provide your Personal Security Details as a means of
identification, for example when buying goods with your card.
12.3 You can cancel your card by notifying and returning it to us. You
must cut it into several pieces and through the magnetic stripe
and any chip.
13. Loss or misuse of a card, chequebook, mobile device
or your personal details
Summary: you must tell us if you lose cards, mobile device or
chequebooks or if you think your card or Personal Security
Details have been misused. This section explains circumstances
where you are not responsible for misuse of your account.
13.1 You must notify us as soon as possible using the contact details
in these Terms and Conditions and in the Key Facts Document if
you think that your card, mobile device, passbook or chequebook
has been lost, stolen or that your card, mobile device, passbook
or Personal Security Details have been misused or that your PIN,
Personal Security Details or selected personal information has
become known to another person.
13.2 Once notified, we will take immediate steps to prevent your card,
mobile device, passbook, chequebook or Personal Security Details
from being misused.
13.3 You are not responsible for any unauthorised use of your card,
mobile device, passbook, PIN, or any of your Personal Security
Details in any of the following cases:
 a) before you receive it;
 b) unless you have acted fraudulently, after you have notified
us of its loss, theft or unauthorised use in accordance with
Condition 13.1 in Section 2A;
 c) if we have failed to tell you how to notify us of its loss, theft
or unauthorised use;
 d) if we don’t apply procedures that we’re legally required to use
to check a payment has been authorised by you;
 e) if the unauthorised use relates to the purchase of goods or
services under a distance contract.
 A ‘distance contract’ is a contract you enter into online, by post,
mail order, email, fax, telephone or tele-shopping, unless the
purchase relates to land or financial services, or is made using a
vending machine, a public pay phone or an auction.
14. Foreign currency transactions
 Summary: this section applies if your account allows foreign
currency payments to be made either to or from your account.
14.1 Please refer to Section 2F – CHAPS, EEA and International
Payments Terms and Conditions for full details.
14.2 You can make and receive payments to and from the UK and other
countries. Payments and cash withdrawals in foreign currency:
 a) will be converted into pounds at our current exchange rate as
at the date we receive the Payment Instruction for that type
of transaction;
 b) will incur a commission fee based on the amount of the
transaction in the currency of origin; and
 c) may incur commission fees imposed by the retailer or bank
 that carries out the payment or cash withdrawal.
14.3 Our exchange rates for foreign currency payments are based
on our Santander reference exchange rates for the relevant
currency. We have different reference rates depending on the
size of the transaction and whether you are buying (if you are
sending a payment) or selling currency (if you are receiving a
15
PART 2, Section 2A
payment into your account). Details of the relevant reference
exchange rate will be displayed online when you make a
payment and are also available in branch or by calling us on
0800 9 123 123. If you use your Card for a transaction in a
foreign currency, Visa or Mastercard will convert it into pounds
the day it is processed, using the Visa or Mastercard exchange
rate. Please see Condition 8.2 of Section 2B.1 for full details on
Debit card and cash-machine fees.
14.4 Timescales for making foreign currency payments from your
account are different to those applicable to payments in pounds
in the UK. Please see the CHAPS, EEA and International Payments
Terms and Conditions in Section 2F for full details.
14.5 Foreign currency cheques
 a) If you ask us to deposit a cheque in a foreign currency into
your account, this will be subject to our Foreign Cheque
Deposit Terms and Conditions which we will provide to you
when you deposit the cheque.
 b) If you ask us to issue you with a cheque in a foreign currency
the following terms apply:
 (i) when you request a foreign currency cheque your account
will be debited immediately when we process your
instruction. The conversion will be made using our current
exchange rate applicable to payments made out of your
account at the time the cheque is drawn;
 (ii) once we have issued a cheque to you, it becomes your
sole responsibility to deliver this to the beneficiary. The
cheque will be payable on presentation, within six months,
to the bank on which it is drawn;
 (iii) if the cheque is no longer required or has been lost, you
can ask us to cancel the cheque. Once confirmation of the
cancellation is received we will re-credit your account;
 (iv) if the refund is in a currency that is different to your
account we will convert it. The conversion will use our
current exchange rate applicable to payments made into
your account at the time that we re-credit your account.
This may mean that your account will be re-credited with a
different amount than was originally debited;
 (v) a refund can only be made once we have received
confirmation that the cheque has not been presented or
has been returned to us (unless it has been stolen);
 (vi) any charges resulting from the cancellation, refund or
stopping of a cheque may be debited to your account;
 (vii) special conditions apply for cancelling a cheque in some
countries. For these, written confirmation from the payee,
stating that he will no longer make a claim on the cheque,
will be required. The timescales for this are beyond our
control. If the cheque has been lost or stolen, we may
require further supporting evidence in order to make a
refund or reissue;
 (viii) if the cheque has not been presented for payment after
six months, we reserve the right to cancel the cheque and
re-credit your account, excluding any charges, using our
current exchange rate applicable to payments made into
your account at the time that we re-credit your account.
This may mean that your account will be re-credited with a
different amount than was originally debited.
15. Changes to your account
 Summary: this section explains that we can change the
Conditions (including interest rates and charges) that apply to
your account, the reasons why we can make changes and how
we will tell you about any changes.
15.1 We can change these Conditions and the Specific Conditions,
including interest rates, fees and charges (including removing or
adding fees or charges) and other terms where the change is to:
 a) take account of an actual, or reasonably expected, change in
the interest rates we receive or we have to pay, for example,
as a result of a change to the Bank of England Base Rate;
 b) reflect an actual, or reasonably expected, change in our
underlying costs including any relevant funding costs;
 c) take account of any actual, or reasonably expected, change in
law or regulation (including any decision by an ombudsman,
court, regulator or similar body) or to our way of doing
business, including the introduction of new technology or the
advancement or change in use of technology;
 d) make them clearer or more favourable to you; or
 e) reflect any other actual or reasonably expected change that
affects us if it is reasonable for us to pass the impact of the
change on to you.
 Any change we make will not be more than is reasonably
proportionate to the impact of the underlying change on us. We
will not make changes to cover the same cost twice.
15.2 We will not change your interest rate during any specified fixed
rate period.
15.3 Where your account is a Payment Account, we will give you at
least 2 months’ personal notice before we make a change, unless
the change relates to a change in interest rate and:
 a) the change is to your advantage; or
 b) the change results from an interest rate that tracks a specified
external independent rate;
 or the change is to an exchange rate which tracks our reference
exchange rate;
 in which case we will (for changes other than exchange rate
changes) give you notice within 30 days of making the change by
one or more of the following methods: personally or by displaying
a notice in the national press or (for branch based accounts) in
our branches, or on our website. If we put a notice in the press,
we will use two national newspapers.
15.4 Where your account is a Non-Payment Account, we will give you
at least:
 a) 14 days’ personal notice before we decrease the interest rate
on your account where the interest rate does not track a
specified external independent rate, unless there is less than
£100 in the account in which case we may not give you any
notice; or
 b) 30 days’ personal notice before we make any other change
(other than changes to our reference exchange rates), unless
the change is to your advantage, in which case we may make
the change immediately and tell you about it within 30 days
by one or more of the following methods: personally or by
displaying a notice in the national press or (for branch based
accounts) in our branches, or on our website. If we put a
notice in the press, we will use two national newspapers.
 If the interest rate on your account tracks a specified external
independent rate we do not need to give you any notice if we
change the interest rate on your account.
15.5 We may change our exchange rates immediately and without
notice to you. Our latest exchange rates are available on request.
15.6 For accounts with no fixed duration, we may also:
 a) convert your account to another account in our range (for
example, if you are no longer eligible for the account or if we
decide to no longer offer that particular type of account); or
 b) change interest rates, fees and charges (including removing or
adding fees or charges) and other terms.
 In each case, we will give you at least 2 months’ personal notice
before we make the change and if you are not happy you may
close the account as set out in Condition 16 in Section 2A.
15.7 When we tell you about a change by giving you personal notice
(or we refer to notifying you personally), this may be by post,
email, a statement message, information accompanying your
16
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
statement, a secure message on our Online Banking service, text
on your mobile phone, or in any other way that will be sent to
you individually.
16. If you are not happy with changes to your account
16.1 If you are unhappy with any change we make under Condition 15
in Section 2A other than a change that is to your advantage, that
tracks a reference interest rate or reference exchange rate, or that
is a non-material interest rate change on a Non-Payment Account
(see Condition 15.4(a) in Section 2A), you are free to close your
account (without loss of interest or additional charges):
 a) in the case of a Payment Account, at any time prior to the
change coming into effect;
 b) in the case of a Non-Payment Account, at any time during
a period of 30 days from the date of the notification (where
the change is to an interest rate or charge) or a period of 60
days from the date of the notification (where the change is to
another Condition);
 in each case, after which you will be treated as having accepted
the change.
16.2 A ‘notice account’ is an account where you have to give notice
before you can make payments out of your account or close the
account. For Non-payment notice accounts, where we are making
any changes under Condition 15.4 in Section 2A, we will increase
the period of notice we give you prior to the change to cover the
notice period required by your account. This will ensure that if
you are unhappy with the change and wish to close your account,
you will have sufficient time to exercise your rights to close the
account under the applicable notice provisions of your account
(without loss of interest or additional charges). After this period,
you will be treated as having accepted the change.
17. Cancellation and closing your account
 Summary: this section explains how you can ask us to close your
account and how and why we may close the account.
17.1 If, within 14 days of first opening your account, you would like to
cancel your account, we will not charge you for the cancellation
– simply let us know by using the contact details given in the Key
Facts Document. Otherwise the account will continue until you
or we close the account. This right to cancel does not apply if the
interest rate on your account is fixed for a period of time.
 If you ask us to, we will help you switch to a different account.
 If you have any money in your account, we will (and within 30
calendar days of you cancelling) give you back all that money (less
any pending payments and interest incurred) together with any
interest earned on it.
17.2 You or we may close your account at any time by giving the other
notice without giving any reason. We may also close or suspend
your current account if it has been inactive for some time. If
we decide to do this we’ll give you at least two months’ notice
(30 days in the case of Non-payment Accounts). If there is any
money in the account we may transfer that money to another
account you hold with us or send it to you at the last address we
hold for you. If you are in significant breach of these Conditions
or the Specific Conditions on your account, (or if you have failed
to remedy a breach where we have asked you to do so) we may
close your account on giving immediate notice or less notice than
that specified in this Condition.
17.3 It is a condition that you do not:
 a) act abusively, offensively or violently towards our staff; or
 b) become bankrupt; or
 c) misuse your account; or
 d) act dishonestly with us; or
 e) act in any way to give rise to reasonable suspicion of fraud or
other criminal activities.
 And, if any of the above applies, you will be in breach of these
Conditions and we can close your account on giving you
immediate notice or less notice than that specified in Condition
17.2 in Section 2A.
 We may also close your account at any time without notice where
we are aware that keeping your account open would be unlawful
or cause us to be in breach of any of our legal or regulatory
requirements.
17.4 If you, or we, close your account, then:
 a) where you have any money in your account, we will help you
switch to a different account, or give you back that money
plus any interest you have earned, less any pending fees and
interest you owe and less any payments you have requested
before the account was closed; or
 b) where you have an Arranged or Unarranged Overdraft on that
account, you must pay off all the money you have borrowed
together with all fees and interest;
 c) these Conditions continue until any cheques issued and
any money you owe us has been paid, and all cards and
chequebooks have been returned to us;
 d) where you pay a regular fee for your account, we will refund
you a proportion of the fee that relates to:
 (i) payment services on your account; and
 (ii) any period after the date of closure which the last fee you
paid covered.
17.5 Current Accounts
 If you open a new account with another bank or building society
which offers the Current Account Switch Service (‘the Switch
Service’) and you ask to switch your account with us to your
new bank or building society using the Switch Service, you will
sign a Current Account Switch Agreement and Account Closure
Instruction form asking them, on your behalf, to instruct us to
close your Account with us. Once the 7 day Switch Service starts,
your instruction to close your Account with us will be received by
us and cannot be changed and we will close your Account on the
date your switch completes (or when you have repaid any money
owing on your Account with us, if later). For further details, please
refer to Section 2B.3.
17.6 When your current account is closed we will, depending on
 the reason for closure, provide you with access to information
 on the transactions on your account that have taken place in the
 5 years prior to the account closure, unless you tell us you do
 not want this information. You will also be able to request
 information on transactions on your account before it was
 closed for up to 5 years following account closure. We will give
 you more information about this if your current account is closed.
 Details will also be available on our website.
18. Statements
 Summary: this section explains that we will send you account
statements.
18.1 For joint accounts we will send one statement addressed to both
of you unless you tell us in writing that you each require separate
statements.
18.2 We will provide you with information relating to your transactions
by posting them to Online and Mobile Banking usually on the
day of the transaction. For current accounts, we will provide your
monthly statements as e-Documents to your secure inbox in Online
Banking. Where you have provided us with an email address, you
will receive a confirmation when your statement is ready to view. In
addition, we will send you a paper statement by post:
 a) monthly for current accounts, unless the eligibility criteria for
opening your account says otherwise. You can ask to receive
paper statements less often (every three months) or choose to
be paper-free;
 b) annually for savings accounts, unless you have chosen to be
17
PART 2, Section 2A
paper-free or your savings account is an e-product, in which
case we will provide your annual statement in your document
store in Online Banking. Where required we will also provide
you with relevant transaction information either at the time of
or after the transaction, in paper or another durable medium
(such as an e-Document).
 You can change your preferences on how to receive
documents from us at any time within Online Banking, in
branch or by calling us on 0800 9 123 123.
 For regulatory compliance, or where required by law, we may
send you statements at different frequency.
19. Tax
 Any interest earned on your account will be paid using the gross
 rate. This means all the interest we pay you will be without tax
 deducted. If the total amount of interest you receive exceeds any
 Personal Savings Allowance to which you’re entitled, you may
 have to pay tax at the applicable rate. This would need to be
 paid directly to HM Revenue & Customs (‘HMRC’). For more
 information, please visit gov.uk and search for ‘Personal Savings
 Allowance’.
 Other taxes or costs may exist that are not paid via us or imposed
by us. It is your responsibility to ensure that this tax is paid.
20. Transferring your account
20.1 We can transfer all or any of our rights in relation to your
account. We can also transfer any of our obligations but only to
someone we consider capable of performing them. This includes
us appointing an agent to recover debts, or transferring our rights
to a third party for any monies owed by you to us. We will only
transfer our rights and obligations under this agreement if:
 a) the transferee agrees to exercise the transferred rights or
perform the transferred obligations in accordance with a
statement of policy which we approve before the transfer; and
 b) we reasonably think that the policy is no less favourable to
you than the policy we were following before the transfer.
 If we transfer our rights in respect of an overdraft on your
account we will give you personal notice in advance of the
transfer.
20.2 You cannot transfer any of your rights or obligations in relation
to your account to someone else. This means that you cannot,
for example, use the funds on your account as security for money
you borrow from someone else.
21. Notices and contacting you about your account 21.1 Any notice must, unless otherwise specified, be given in writing:
 a) by you to us, at any of our branches, or to: 2 Triton Square,
Regent’s Place, London NW1 3AN, or in relation to your cards,
to the Manager, Card Services, Santander House, 201 Grafton
Gate East, Milton Keynes, MK9 1AN
 b) by us to you, either:
 (i) by personal notice to you; or
 (ii) in accordance with Condition 15 in Section 2A.
21.2 We may contact you by post at the address you have given us
or, where you have provided us with your email address, mobile
phone number or you have registered with our Online Banking
service, we may contact you by email, text or secure message.
This means we may, for example, send you notice of changes
to your Terms and Conditions via one of these methods. Please
remember that communications may contain confidential
information and if anyone else has access to your email inbox or
mobile phone messages, they may be able to see this.
21.2.1 If you do not want us to contact you by email, text or secure
message:
 a) you may ask us at any time not to continue to do so and to
indicate your future communications preference;
 b) we may still contact you with marketing information using
these contact methods, unless you have separately told us not
to do so;
 c) except as provided in Condition 21.4.1 in Section 2A:
 (i) you cannot opt out of email or secure message if it is a
 condition of your account that it is managed online;
 (ii) you cannot opt out of text messages if you have
 subscribed to Mobile Banking.
21.2.2 If we need to contact you urgently for important service or
operational reasons, for example where we suspect fraud on your
account, you may continue to receive important messages by the
contact methods referred to in Condition 21.2 in Section 2A. In
some cases, we may still contact you by post, for instance where
there is a legal obligation to do so.
21.3 You must ensure that the contact details you provide are
accurate. It is therefore important that you notify us of any name,
address, email or mobile phone number changes. If you do not
inform us of any changes you may not receive important account
information, including notices of changes (for example changes to
Terms and Conditions, interest rates and fees) or pre-notification
of fees or overdraft interest rates that are to be applied to your
account. In this instance, these changes or fees/interest rates will
still be applied. You will be able to find the latest version of our
Terms and Conditions and Key Facts Documents on our website,
in your local branch or by contacting us by phone.
21.4 Alerts Service
21.4.1 If you have provided your mobile phone number or email address,
we will register you for a free alerts service on your current
account. This means that we will send you messages when you
have, or are about to exceed your Arranged Overdraft limit or,
if you do not have an Arranged Overdraft limit, your account
balance has, or is about to fall below zero. We will tell you what
you can do about this to avoid or minimise any charges. We will
use the most recent contact details we hold for you. You can ask
us to de-register you from this service by logging into Online
Banking, visiting a branch or by calling us.
21.4.2 We can also provide you with other alerts which allow you to
obtain information relating to the balance and transactions on
your account via the different alerts available. You can find out
more details about these optional alerts by visiting our website.
Information is also available in Online Banking, visiting a branch
or by calling us. If you have Online Banking, you automatically
have access to this alerts service. You can change or cancel alerts
at any time through Online Banking, in branch or by calling us.
21.4.3 We will only send you each message once. If you delete a
message we cannot send it again.
21.4.4 All balances in any alert will be correct as at the date and
time stated in the text or email and are subject to possible
re-adjustments. Any balance shown refers to the actual balance
on your account and may include transactions that are still being
processed and so may be subject to change. It may not include
any Arranged Overdraft that you have.
21.4.5 If we do not send an alert or if it is inaccurate, we will only be
responsible for any charges you incur on your account which you
could otherwise have avoided.
22. Inability to provide services
 If we are unable to provide services because of causes beyond our
control, we will not be responsible for any loss you suffer.
23. Call recording/monitoring
 To help us improve our service we may record or monitor
phone calls.
24. Enforcement costs
 We can charge your account with our reasonable costs of
enforcing these Conditions. These costs can include costs in
tracing you, collection agency costs and legal costs. These costs
are due and payable immediately.
25. Law
25.1 English law applies to these Conditions (unless your Specific
Conditions say otherwise). You and we agree the courts of
18
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
England and Wales will have jurisdiction to hear any disputes
arising in relation to these Conditions, except where:
a) you open your account in a branch in Scotland, where the
courts of Scotland will have jurisdiction; or
 b) you open your account in a branch in Northern Ireland, where
the courts of Northern Ireland will have jurisdiction.
25.2 These Conditions are available only in English and all
communications from us will be in English. We will only accept
communications and instructions from you in English.
26. When we can use money between accounts
26.1 If any money is overdue for payment on any other account you
have with us (such as a loan, mortgage, credit card or overdraft),
we may take the money you owe us out of your account. We
can do this where you have accounts which are held in your sole
name as well as joint accounts you hold with another person.
Where possible, we will give you advance notice unless we
reasonably think that you may move your money to stop us.
26.2 We can also apply Condition 26.1 in Section 2A to pay money you
owe on other accounts which you hold with any other member of
the Santander Group of companies in the UK.
27. Entire agreement
27.1 These Conditions (including the Specific Conditions within the
Key Facts Document) are all the terms agreed between you and
us regarding your account.
27.2 Each Condition (including any Specific Condition) is separate
from all other Conditions, so that if one Condition is found to be
invalid or unenforceable it will not affect the other Conditions.
28. Making a complaint
 If for any reason you’re unhappy with the service we’ve provided
then please contact our dedicated complaints department on
0800 171 2171. We will aim to provide you with a decision as
quickly as we can. Our Complaints Leaflet is available upon
request and contains further information on our complaints
process, including the handling timescales. This information is
also available on our website at Santander.co.uk.
 You may also be able to refer your complaint to the Financial
 Ombudsman Service. Details of how to complain to the Financial
 Ombudsman Service are available at:
 www.financialombudsman.org.uk.
 Alternatively, if you originally purchased your product with us
online, you could submit your complaint through the European
Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution website. The European
Commission may ultimately forward your complaint to the
Financial Ombudsman Service. You can find out more information
at http://ec.europa.eu/odr
29. Important information about compensation
arrangements
 We are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
(FSCS). The FSCS can pay compensation to depositors if a bank
is unable to meet its financial obligations. Most depositors,
including most individuals and businesses, are covered by the
scheme.
 In respect of deposits, an eligible depositor is entitled to claim up
to the current FSCS limit. For joint accounts each account holder
is treated as having a claim in respect of their share so, for a joint
account held by two eligible depositors, the maximum amount
that could be claimed would be the current FSCS limit each. The
current FSCS limit relates to the combined amount in all the
eligible depositor’s accounts with the bank, including their share
of any joint account, and not to each separate account.
 For further information about the compensation provided
by the FSCS (including the amounts covered and eligibility
to claim) please ask at your local branch, refer to the FSCS
website www.FSCS.org.uk or call the FSCS on 020 7741 4100
or 0800 678 1100. Please note only compensation related
queries should be directed to the FSCS.
 Santander UK plc is an authorised deposit taker and accepts
deposits under this name and the cahoot and Santander
Corporate and Commercial Bank trading names.
30. Dormant accounts
30.1 If you do not make any transactions on your account for one
year in the case of current accounts and three years in the case
of savings accounts then we may treat your account as being
dormant to remove the risk of fraudulent activity. This means that
we will stop sending you statements, letters and cards.
 To make your account active again, you will have to go into
one of our branches and show personal identification such as
a passport or driving licence. If you are unable to visit us in a
branch, please call us on 0800 587 3344 for further advice.
30.2 We participate in the unclaimed assets scheme established under
the Dormant Bank and Building Society Accounts Act 2008. The
purpose of the scheme is to enable money in dormant accounts
(i.e. balances in accounts that have been inactive or dormant
for 15 years or more) to be distributed for the benefit of the
community while protecting the rights of customers to reclaim
their money.
 Under the scheme, we may transfer balances of dormant
accounts to Reclaim Fund Limited (RFL). RFL is a not-for-profit
reclaim fund which is authorised and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority.
 If we transfer the balance of your account to RFL, you will have
against RFL whatever right to payment of your balance you would
have had against us if the transfer had never happened. However,
we will remain responsible for managing all aspects of the
customer relationship with you and for handling all repayment
claims (which we will do on behalf of RFL). Therefore, you should
continue to contact us in the usual way if you have any queries or
complaints in relation to your account or balance.
 Both we and RFL participate in the Financial Services
Compensation Scheme (FSCS). The transfer by us to RFL of your
balance will not adversely affect any entitlement you have to
compensation from the FSCS.
31. Your information
31.1 You consent to us using your information to provide payment
services to you. If you withdraw this consent, we will stop
providing payment services but may still use your data where we
have lawful grounds to do so (for example because we need to
retain records for regulatory purposes).
32. Tax – applicable if you are covered by the tax
requirements of another country
32.1 We may be legally obliged to disclose information about you
and your Account to HMRC, who may in turn pass this on to
other tax authorities in line with international agreements or
treaties that may be in force. You agree that we may provide any
documentation or information to HMRC that they may be obliged
to share with an overseas Tax Authority in accordance with the
provisions of any law, legislation or regulation of the UK.
32.2 You will agree to provide us with personal information,
declarations or certifications that we are required to retain by
law within 30 days of us making a request to you to enable
us to determine whether your account details will need to be
reported to HMRC or another overseas Tax Authority in line with
Condition 32.1 in Section 2A above.
32.3 You agree to inform us promptly in writing if any of your personal
information changes or there is any change in the circumstances
following any certification that you may have provided to us.
32.4 We will not be liable to you for any loss you may suffer if we
disclose information in accordance with our legal obligations.
19
PART 2, Section 2B.1
Section 2B – Current
Account Important
Information
Section 2B.1: Current Account Terms and Conditions
1 Introduction
 These Conditions apply to all current accounts no matter which
type of current account you have chosen. Where relevant,
Specific Conditions may also apply to your chosen current
account. The Specific Conditions are provided to you when you
open your account within the Key Facts Document. If a Specific
Condition differs from these Conditions, that Specific Condition
is the one that applies.
2 Payments into your account
2.1 You may need to make regular payments into your current
account and this will be notified to you before you open your
current account. Please see the Key Facts Document.
2.2 If you do not maintain regular payments into your current
account, we may close the account.
 For more details on our rights to close your current account,
see Section 2A, Condition 17.
2.3 You may also be expected to pay a minimum regular amount
into your current account in order to benefit from specific
account features. If this is the case, we will notify you of the
minimum amount required and how often the payments must
be made in the Key Facts Document.
3 The debit card or cash card
3.1 If you do not have a cash card or debit card, and your current
account allows you to have one at any time (subject to your
circumstances), you may request one by contacting us, and we
will send you a cash card or debit card and a PIN along with
written details explaining its key features.
3.2 Using your cash card or debit card
a) You may need to activate your cash card or debit card once
you have received it, in accordance with the instructions
received.
 b) Your cash card or debit card can be used to for cash
withdrawals.
c) Fees may be payable for some uses of the card. These are
detailed in Condition 8 of Section 2B.1.
d) You can change the PIN for your cash card or debit card at
any LINK cash machine which has a PIN Service facility.
3.3 If a cash card or debit card is sent to you, we will renew it from
time to time with the same type of card or a different type of card
covered by the agreement which you qualify for at that time.
3.4 Authorisation and refunds of debit card transactions
a) We may be requested to authorise a purchase or other
payment you make with your debit card before it can be
completed. If we do, your current account balance will be
reduced by the amount of the authorisation. We may refuse
a request for authorisation.
b) After you have used your debit card to make a payment,
you cannot cancel that payment.
c) Where a retailer or other person you have paid with your
debit card gives you a refund, your current account will be
re-credited when we receive the refund.
4 Refunding debit card and Direct Debit transactions
4.1 You may ask us to refund a debit card payment if you satisfy all
of the following conditions:
a) at the time you authorised the payment, the person you
agreed to pay did not tell you the exact amount of the
payment in question;
b) the amount of the payment in question was higher than
what you reasonably expected to pay;
c) we agree that the amount of the payment was more
than you reasonably expected, taking into account your
previous spending patterns, any relevant Conditions in
these Conditions or the Specific Conditions (including any
spending limits on your current account) and any other
relevant circumstances, and we may ask you to provide such
information as is reasonably necessary for us to assess this;
and
d) you ask us to make the refund within eight weeks of the
date the payment is taken from your current account.
4.2 If you make a request for a refund under Condition 4.1 of
Section 2B.1 then, within 10 Working Days of the date we
receive that request (or, if we ask for more information under
Condition 4.1.c of Section 2B.1), within 10 Working Days of the
date we receive that information) we will either:
 a) refund the payment in full; or
 b) tell you the reasons why we do not agree to the refund.
4.3 You are not entitled to a refund under Condition 4.1 of Section
2B.1 where:
a) you (or someone authorised by you) have given us consent
directly to make the payment; and
b) if applicable, we (or the person you agreed to pay) have
given you information on the payment in question at least
four weeks before the due date of that payment.
4.4 You are not entitled to a refund under Condition 4.1 in Section
2B.1 if the reason that the payment in question was higher
than you reasonably expected to pay is due to a change in any
currency exchange rate.
4.5 Nothing in Condition 4 in Section 2B.1 limits your rights under
the Direct Debit Guarantee Scheme.
5 Cancellation of Direct Debits and standing orders
a) You may cancel a Direct Debit up to the end of the Working
Day preceding the day agreed for transferring the money.
To cancel the Direct Debit you should give us details of the
date and amount of the payment you want us to cancel and
the name and reference of the recipient.
 You should also advise the recipient. You may also cancel a
Direct Debit by only telling the recipient and not telling us,
but they will need longer to cancel it.
 b) You may cancel a standing order by telling us. You can do
this up to the end of the Working Day preceding the day
before the money is due to be transferred. To cancel a
standing order you should give us details of the date and
amount of the payment you want us to cancel and the
name and sort code of the person you instructed us to pay.
6 Cheques, counter cheques and bankers’ drafts
 You must not write a future date on a cheque. If you do, and
the cheque is presented for payment before that date, it may
be paid immediately or returned unpaid. In either case, we will
not be responsible for any loss.
20
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
7 Overdraft services
7.1 Requesting an overdraft
 a) You may be able to borrow money from us by way of an
overdraft on your current account.
 There are two different overdraft services available on your
current account. They are:
 (i) an Arranged Overdraft service; and
 (ii) an Unarranged Overdraft service.
 b) Details of all fees and interest rates which are payable in
relation to each of these overdraft services are set out in the
Key Facts Document and the Fee Information Document.
Whether you will be charged fees or interest in respect of
these overdraft services depends on your particular type of
account and this is explained in the Key Facts Document. You
will be given a copy before you apply for your current account.
You can also find details of all our interest rates and fees on
our website or by contacting us using the contact details set
out in this document.
7.2 Arranged Overdraft
a) You can contact us to discuss and request an Arranged
Overdraft, or an extension to an existing Arranged
Overdraft. We may either:
 (i) tell you the maximum amount that we agree you can
borrow; or
 (ii) refuse your request.
 b) When you request an Arranged Overdraft, we will tell you
how long it is likely to take for us to process your request. If
we agree to give you an Arranged Overdraft, we will tell you
when the Arranged Overdraft will become available to you.
 c) Depending on your particular account, interest may be
payable by you at the Arranged Overdraft rate on any
money you borrow by way of an Arranged Overdraft.
Please see the Key Facts Document or the Fee Information
Document for details on whether the Arranged Overdraft
rate applies to your particular type of account.
 d) Depending on your particular account, an Arranged Overdraft
Usage Fee may be payable when you have a sufficient
Arranged Overdraft to cover the payments being made
from your account during the course of the day and your
account is in an Arranged Overdraft. Please see the Key Facts
Document or the Fee Information Document for details on
whether the Arranged Overdraft Usage Fee applies to your
particular type of account.
7.3 Unarranged Overdrafts
a) Without contacting us at all, you can also request an
Unarranged Overdraft by trying to make a payment from
your current account, where that payment would:
 (i) mean you have no money left in your account and you
have no Arranged Overdraft; or
 (ii) cause your current account to go over, or further over,
any Arranged Overdraft limit we have previously agreed
with you,
 and in either case this is referred to as an Unarranged
Overdraft request.
 b) You will automatically be treated as requesting an
Unarranged Overdraft if you do not have enough available
money in your current account, or enough unused Arranged
Overdraft with us and:
 (i) you try to make a payment from your current account
using your debit card or by cheque;
 (ii) you try to withdraw money from your current account;
 (iii) you have made one or more payments from your current
account against a cheque which is later returned unpaid;
 (iv) you try to make a payment against a deposit in your
current account which has not been processed; or
 (v) you allow an automated payment, such as a Direct
Debit or a standing order, to be processed on your
current account.
 c) We may agree to give you an Unarranged Overdraft or
we may refuse to do so. If we agree to your Unarranged
Overdraft request, we will give you an Unarranged
Overdraft to cover the amount of the withdrawal or the
payment involved. Depending on your particular account,
an Unarranged Overdraft Usage Fee or unarranged interest
may be payable for any day during which you are using an
Unarranged Overdraft. Please see the Key Facts Document
or the Fee Information Document for details on whether
the Unarranged Overdraft Usage Fee or unarranged interest
applies to your particular type of account.
 d) Depending on your particular account, a fee may be payable
each time we allow a payment despite lack of funds in your
account. This fee is in addition to the Unarranged Overdraft
Usage Fee or unarranged interest. Please see the Key Facts
Document or the Fee Information Document for details
on whether the fee for allowing a payment despite lack of
funds in your account and Unarranged Overdraft Usage Fee
or unarranged interest apply to your particular type
of account.
 e) Depending on your particular account, a fee may be payable
each time we refuse a payment due to lack of funds in your
account. Please see the Key Facts Document or the Fee
Information Document for details on whether the fee for
refusing a payment due to lack of funds in your account
applies to your particular type of account.
 f) Depending on your particular account unarranged interest
may be payable by you at the Unarranged Overdraft rate on
any money you borrow by way of an Unarranged Overdraft.
Please see the Key Facts Document or the Fee Information
Document for details on whether the Unarranged Overdraft
rate applies to your particular type of account.
g) If you do not have enough money in your current account
or you exceed your agreed Arranged Overdraft to cover
any fees or arranged interest at the time at which they are
debited from your account, you will be deemed to have
requested an Unarranged Overdraft to cover the money
we take. In these circumstances, you will not be charged
a fee for allowing a payment despite lack of funds in your
account. However, depending on your particular account,
the Unarranged Overdraft Usage Fee or unarranged interest
may be payable. Please see the Key Facts Document or
the Fee Information Document for details on whether the
Unarranged Overdraft Usage Fee or unarranged interest
applies to your particular type of account.
 h) If Unarranged Overdraft fees apply to your particular account,
we apply a monthly fee cap on fees and charges you may
incur in connection with any Unarranged Overdraft. The
monthly cap on Unarranged Overdraft charges means:
 (i) Each current account will set a monthly maximum
charge for:
 (aa) going overdrawn when you do not have an
Arranged Overdraft; or
 (bb) going over/past your Arranged Overdraft limit (if
you have one).
 (ii) This cap covers any:
 (aa) interest and fees for going over/past your Arranged
Overdraft limit;
 (bb) fees for each payment your bank allows despite
lack of funds; and
 (cc) fees for each payment your bank refuses due to
lack of funds.
21
PART 2, Section 2B.1
¡ If your specific account type does not incur Unarranged
Overdraft fees and you exceed your Arranged Overdraft limit,
Arranged Overdraft Usage fees will continue to be applied.
7.4 General Conditions for all overdrafts
 a) You can repay your overdraft, or cancel your Arranged
Overdraft at any time. If you cancel your Arranged
Overdraft you must repay the money that you have
borrowed under your Arranged Overdraft as soon as
possible and no later than 30 days after you cancel it. You
must also pay all the fees and interest applicable to your
overdraft.
 b) We have the right to change your Arranged Overdraft limit
at any time. We can also require you to repay the whole or
any part of your Arranged and/or Unarranged Overdraft at
any time.
 We will usually give you 30 days’ notice of our intention to
change your Arranged Overdraft limit or repay the whole
or any part of any overdraft, however we may do either of
these things without advance notice to you where it would
be reasonable for us to do so.
 c) We also have the right to pay off or reduce any borrowing
on your current account by transferring funds from any
other accounts you have with us (other than a mortgage
account).
8. Interest and fees Please see the table below and the Key Facts Document or
the Fee Information Document for details of when fees for
standard account services and interest due from you are
payable and when they will be taken from your account. Please
also see the Key Facts Document or the Fee Information
Document for details of when interest is payable to your
account.
8.1 Non-standard account service fees which apply to current
accounts
Type of transaction or service Fees for all accounts unless we
say otherwise
Banker’s draft £10
Fee for a counter cheque (you
must withdraw over £1,000) £10
Cancelling a cheque (in pounds) Free
Photocopying cheques £4 a cheque
Foreign currency cheque
deposit
£10 for each cheque (the paying
bank may also charge you)
Issuing a foreign currency
cheque £10
Cancelling a foreign currency
cheque £25
CHAPS and International
Payments £25
Single Euro Payments Area
(SEPA) - non-urgent euro
transfer
£15
Cashback and/or interest
breakdown £10
Weekly statements £1.50 a month
8.2 Cash withdrawals and debit card payments in the UK
Type of transaction or service Fees for all accounts
unless we say otherwise
Cash withdrawal in pounds in the UK
from Santander cash machines Free
Cash withdrawal in pounds in the UK
from LINK cash machines
Some cash machines will
impose a charge
Debit card payments in pounds Free
8.3 Cash withdrawals and debit card payments in foreign currency
(in and outside the UK) or in pounds outside the UK (cashmachine and debit-card fees)
Type of transaction or service Fees for all
accounts unless we
say otherwise
Cash withdrawal fee (including cash
machines, purchase of travellers’ cheques
or foreign currency at another bank, bureau
de change or other outlet displaying the
Visa or Mastercard sign abroad)
1.5% of the value
(at least £1.99)
Foreign currency conversion fee for cash
withdrawals and debit card payments 2.75% of the value
Foreign currency purchase fee for debit
card payments
£1.25 for each
transaction
8.4 Cash withdrawals in foreign currency or pounds outside the UK
at Santander cash machines when using a Santander debit card or
cash card in Spain
Type of transaction or service Fees for all adult
accounts
Cash withdrawal fee from a Santander
cash machine in Spain using a Santander
debit card
Free
Cash withdrawal fee from a Santander cash
machine in Spain using a cash card
1.5% of the value
(minimum £1.99).
Foreign currency conversion fee for cash
withdrawals using a Santander cash machine
in Spain using a Santander debit card
Free
Foreign currency conversion fee for cash
withdrawals using a Santander cash machine
in Spain using a cash card
2.75% of the value.
8.5 Cash withdrawals in foreign currency or pounds outside the UK
at Santander cash-machines when using a Santander Select debit
 card in Spain, Portugal, Poland, Germany, Argentina, Brazil, Chile,
Mexico, Puerto Rico, Uruguay and the USA.
Type of transaction or service Fees for all adult
accounts
Cash withdrawal fee Free
Foreign currency conversion fee for cash
withdrawals Free
22
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Section 2B.2: Fair fees policy
We want to be open and fair in how we charge you for using our
overdraft services. To help us do this, we work to the following
principles.
¡ If you are in an Arranged Overdraft of £12 or less, you won’t incur
any Arranged Overdraft Usage Fees (fees for refusing a payment
due to lack of funds in your account may still apply). If you are in an
Unarranged Overdraft of £12 or less, you won’t incur any Unarranged
Overdraft Usage Fees or fees for allowing a payment despite lack
of funds in your account (fees for refusing a payment due to lack of
funds in your account may still apply).
¡ Where overdraft fees are incurred in any monthly statement period,
we will notify you following the end of the statement period of the
amount of the fees and charges that you have incurred. We will take
the fees and charges from your account 22 days from the end date
of the monthly statement period in which they were incurred.
¡ We cap the amount of overdraft fees that can be incurred in any
monthly statement period. Dependent on your particular account
type, this can include Arranged Overdraft Usage Fees, Unarranged
Overdraft Usage Fees, fees for allowing or refusing a payment
despite/due to lack of funds in your account. Please refer to your
product specific Key Facts Document and the Fee Information
Document for the caps that apply to your current account.
¡ If you plan to use an overdraft regularly on your current account,
it will be cheaper to arrange an Arranged Overdraft, rather than
use our Unarranged Overdraft service. While we cannot guarantee
to give you an Arranged Overdraft, we will always consider your
application fairly and give you a decision within a reasonable time.
¡ We offer a range of free text-message and email alerts designed
to help make day-to-day banking at Santander even easier. If you
have provided your mobile phone number or email address we will
automatically enrol you into an alerts service which lets you know
when you have, or are about to go past your Arranged Overdraft
limit or, if you do not have an Arranged Overdraft limit, you borrow
money when there is/is about to be no money left in
your account.
¡ We allow you time to manage your account so, if you should use an
Arranged or Unarranged Overdraft, you will have until 4pm that day
(Monday to Saturday) to pay money back into your account, with
cleared funds, and move your balance back to an Arranged Overdraft
or credit position.
¡ We will always be willing to discuss your financial situation and to
help find appropriate ways of dealing with any financial difficulties
you may have with your current account.
¡ If you have any questions or would like more information, please
visit one of our branches or call us on 0800 9 123 123 and we will
be happy to help you. If you find yourself in financial difficulty, you
should talk to us.
Note: You should always ensure there are sufficient funds available to
support all payments from your account. If you pay money into your
account on the day a payment is due to be made, there may be some
situations, out of our control, where we may not be able to ensure the
payment is made. If you need any help understanding making payments,
please speak with a member of staff.
8.6 If you use your debit card for a transaction in a foreign currency,
Visa or Mastercard will convert it into pounds the day it is
processed, using the Visa or Mastercard exchange rate. You can
find out the exchange rate by visiting www.visaeurope.com/
making-payments/exchange-rates for Visa cards or
www.mastercard.com/global/currencyconversion/index.html
for Mastercard cards or by calling us on 0800 9 123 123.
Currency conversion rates can fluctuate between the time you
make the transaction and the point at which the payment is
processed by Visa or Mastercard.
 Please note: If given the option of paying in either local
currency or pounds, ensure you choose local currency unless
you are certain that the exchange rate and any fee is more
favourable. If you choose pounds, it means that the retailer
or bank will handle the conversion and may charge you a
conversion fee, a foreign usage fee, or both.
23
 Switching your current account
 Santander UK plc is a participant in the Current Account Switch
Service. The following Service Conditions set out the terms and
conditions under which the Current Account Switching Service
is provided.
 These Service Conditions are part of the Current Account
Switch Agreement and, by signing the Switch Agreement (on
a separate form), you agree to these Service Conditions which
will apply to the switch of your current account to us. For
the avoidance of doubt any reference to “Agreement” in the
Conditions set out below in this Section 2B. 3 is a reference to
the Current Account Switch Agreement. You should also read
these in conjunction with the ‘Switching your account to us’
Key Facts Document.
1 Current Account Switch Agreement –
Service Conditions
The Current Account Switch Service
1.1 There is no charge for the Current Account Switch Service,
although there may be other taxes or costs that are not
charged by us or paid via us.
1.2 You can change the Switch Date at any time up until the close
of business 7 Working Days before the Switch Date that you
have previously agreed with us.
1.3 The switch process begins 6 Working Days before the Switch
Date. We will tell you that the switch is underway and when it
is completed, and also if there is any reason why your switch
request cannot be initiated or completed.
1.4 We will ensure that your existing regular payment mandates
directly linked to your old accounts (e.g. Standing Orders,
Direct Debits and bill payment mandates) are set up on your
New Account and details of your existing payment beneficiaries
are transferred to your New Account. In cases where we
cannot match the payment frequency of your existing regular
payment mandates, we will contact you to agree alternative
arrangements. Note: If you have arranged to make recurring
payments using your Old Account debit card number, your
Old Bank won’t know your New Account debit card number
so won’t be able to transfer these to your New Account. This
means that there is no guarantee that payment requests sent
to your Old Account will be redirected to your New Account.
The supplier may contact you to request the details of your
New Account debit card. We recommend that you contact
the supplier to set up a new recurring payment to ensure any
service you receive (e.g. insurance) is not interrupted.
1.5 We will also transfer any future dated payments (e.g. with a
due date after your Switch Date) that you set up on your Old
Account more than 6 working days before your Switch Date
to your New Account to ensure these are made on the date
originally requested.
1.6 The regular payment mandates that we will set up on your New
Account as part of the switch will be in operation from the day
after the Switch Date.
1.7 If you have any existing regular payment mandates that
are non-sterling, or that quote a BIC or IBAN, these won’t
be switched to your New Account automatically. If we can
facilitate non-sterling mandates, or ones that quote a BIC or
IBAN, you will have to provide us with the relevant details
separately so that we can set them up on your New Account.
1.8 If you make any changes to your regular payment mandates on
your Old Account or set up any new payment beneficiaries on
your Old Account on or after the 6th Working Day before the
Switch Date you must tell us, otherwise these changes will not
be implemented on your New Account.
1.9 Your Old Bank will forward any funds remaining in your Old
Account to your New Account on the Switch Date. There may
be a short period when the balance is being transferred when it
will not be possible to access the funds being transferred.
1.10 Funds will be retained by your Old Bank to cover any
transactions made before the Switch Date on your Old Account
which are still in the process of being cleared on the Switch
Date. On the day that your Old Bank no longer needs to
retain funds to cover transactions that are being cleared, it will
transfer them to your New Account and they will be credited to
your New Account no later than the next Working Day. Funds
will also be retained by your Old Bank to cover debit card
transactions that have already been authorised but which have
not yet been paid out of your Old Account.
1.11 If you have outstanding debt on your Old Account (including
any fees or charges) after the Switch Date, your Old Bank will
tell you. You are liable for any outstanding debt on your Old
Account remaining after the Switch Date.
1.12 For 3 years after the Switch Date if your Old Bank receives
payments or requests for payments which relate to your Old
Account, subject to compliance with applicable laws, it will
redirect these to your New Account. However, if there is
an outstanding debt on your Old Account, your Old Bank is
entitled to use any funds or payments it receives (including
by cheque) in full or part settlement of the debt on your
Old Account. The originators of any redirected payments or
payment requests will be advised of your New Account details.
1.13 In the unlikely event that payments continue to be redirected
to your New Account during the 13 months leading up to the
end of the 3 year redirection period we will automatically
extend the redirection service and the term of this Agreement
until such time as there is a 13 month period when no Direct
PART 2, Section 2B.3
Section 2B.3: Specific Conditions: Switching your current account
Current Account Switch Guarantee
We have designed the Current Account Switch Service to let you switch your current account from one bank
or building society to another in a simple, reliable and stress-free way. It will only take seven Working Days.
As your new current-account provider we offer the following guarantee.
¡ The service is free to use and you can choose and agree your switch date with us.
¡ We will take care of moving all your payments going out (for example, your Direct Debits and standing orders)
and those coming in (for example, your salary).
¡ If you have money in your old account, we will transfer it to your new account on your switch date.
¡ We will arrange for payments accidentally made to your old account to be automatically
redirected to your new account. We will also contact the sender and give them your new account details.
¡ If there are any issues in making the switch, we will contact you before your switch date.
¡ If anything goes wrong with the switch, as soon as we are told, we will refund any interest (paid or lost) and
charges made on either your old or new current accounts as a result of this failure.
24
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Debits, Bacs Direct Credits or Faster Payment transactions have
been automatically redirected by the central redirection service.
Consequently payments made with intervals of more than 13
months will be disregarded.
1.14 For 3 years after the Switch Date, or longer in accordance with
clause 1.13 of the Agreement, payments received in sterling
from within the UK by your Old Bank will be redirected and
credited to your New Account on the same Working Day that
they were received by your Old Bank.
1.15 For 3 years after the Switch Date, or longer in accordance with
clause 1.13 of the Agreement, payments received by your Old
Bank in any currency other than sterling will be redirected
in the same currency as your Old Bank receives them on the
day that the funds are made available to your Old Bank. In
certain circumstances it may be necessary for your Old Bank to
redirect the payment to us in sterling. If this happens the Old
Bank will provide us with full details of the exchange rate used
and we will tell you.
1.16 Both we and your Old Bank have cut-off times (which may vary
depending on the currency) after which any payments received
are treated as being received on the following Working Day.
For details of your Old Bank’s cut-off times you should contact
your Old Bank and for details of our cut-off times you should
contact us (please refer to Condition 5 of Section 2B.3 for
details of how to do this).
1.17 You can stop any payment(s) being redirected by your Old
Bank to your New Account by contacting us (please refer to
section J5 for details of how to do this). You need to do this by
close of business on the Working Day before you expect the
payment to be received by your Old Bank. However, please be
aware that if you stop your Old Bank redirecting a payment
to us, this will mean that your Old Bank will stop redirecting
any and all future payments and requests for payments to us
from that date. Instead, any payments made to, or requests
for payments from, your Old Account will be returned to the
payment originator with the reason ‘account closed’.
1.18 If you have used your Old Account debit card before the Switch
Date to make payments which have not been authorised
and paid by your Old Bank out of your Old Account before
the Switch Date, we will pay them out of your New Account
(subject to the availability of funds).
1.19 If any cheques drawn by you on your Old Account have not
been presented to your Old Bank for payment before the
Switch Date, we will pay them out of your New Account
(subject to the availability of funds). This is dependent on
whether or not we are a cheque issuing bank and we have
advised you in advance that we will not pay cheques drawn on
another bank.
1.20 If you have asked your Old Bank to stop a cheque drawn on
your Old Account and you change your mind, we may not be
able to cancel that stop instruction. If you wish to place a stop
on a cheque drawn on your Old Account after the Switch Date
you must contact us (please refer to section 4 for details of
how to do this) to make this request.
1.21 You must not use your Old Account chequebook and debit card
details after the Switch Date and you should destroy your Old
Account chequebook and debit card promptly after the Switch
Date.
1.22 The Current Account Switch Service doesn’t include payment
arrangements that are held by third party providers. If you
think you may have any payment arrangements like this please
contact us for advice.
1.23 In the event that your Old Bank withdraws the service and your
old sort code is no longer able to receive payments because
it’s withdrawn from the UK payments system the redirection
service will no longer be available with the effect from the date
your old sort code is removed from the UK payments system.
2. Errors and Complaints
2.1 You will see details of any funds transferred and any forwarded
or redirected payments in the next statement that you receive
or is made available for your New Account. You should check
your statement carefully and let us know as soon as possible
if you think there has been an error or if funds haven’t been
transferred or a payment hasn’t been forwarded or redirected
as expected.
2.2 If something goes wrong with the Current Account Switch
Service (for example if a payment is not redirected, is
redirected incorrectly, or is lost), we will correct the error, you
will receive a refund of any interest and/or charges incurred,
paid or lost on your Old Account or your New Account as a
result of the failure and we will notify you of any action we
have taken and the outcome.
2.3 If you have a complaint about the Current Account Switch
Service it should be raised with us in the first instance (please
refer to section 4 for details of how to do this) and we will deal
with it as quickly as possible under our internal complaints
procedure, copies of which are available on request. We will tell
you if we pass your enquiry on to your Old Bank and advise you
how we intend to deal with your complaint from that point.
2.4 If we do not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you
may be able to refer it to the Financial Ombudsman Service,
which is the independent service for settling disputes between
consumers and businesses providing financial services.
The Financial Ombudsman Service, Exchange Tower,
London E14 9SR
0800 0 234 567 free for people phoning from a ‘fixed line’
(for example, a landline at home), or
0300 123 9 123 free for mobile phone users who pay a
monthly charge for calls to numbers starting 01 or 02.
complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk
www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
 Alternatively, if you originally purchased your product with
us online, you could submit your complaint to the Financial
Ombudsman Service using the European Union’s Online
Dispute Resolution platform.
3. This Agreement
3.1 We will give you at least 2 months’ notice of changes to the
redirection services provided under this Agreement. If you are
not happy with the changes, you should tell us and you will be
able to end the Agreement immediately and without charge
before the changes take effect. If we do not hear from you, we
will treat you as having accepted the changes.
We may make changes:
¡ to respond proportionately to changes in general law or
decisions of the Financial Ombudsman Service;
¡ to meet regulatory requirements;
¡ to reflect new industry guidance and codes of practice which
improve consumer protection;
¡ to reflect the introduction of or changes to technologies or
other innovations or changes;
¡ to payment systems or schemes; and
¡ to help us introduce new or improved systems, methods of
operation and new features or services that may benefit you.
3.2 If you ask us, we’ll provide you with a further copy of this
Agreement.
3.3 You can end this Agreement at any time by contacting us. If
25
PART 2, Section 2B.3
you end this agreement all payment redirection activities will
stop (see paragraph 1.15 above for what will happen if payment
redirection activities stop).
3.4 We will stop the switch and/or suspend redirection activities if
we have reasonable grounds to suspect fraud perpetrated by a
third party or we consider it appropriate for your protection or to
comply with our statutory duties. Unless we are unable to contact
you or there is a legal reason or other circumstances beyond our
control preventing us from doing so, we will tell you before taking
this action and provide our reasons for doing so. If we are unable
to contact you beforehand, where possible we will do so as soon
as we can afterwards. You are responsible for all losses incurred
by you if you have acted fraudulently.
3.5 We may, at any time, transfer to any person or business any or
all of our rights and duties under this Agreement. We will only
do this if you are no less favourably treated after the transfer
than beforehand.
3.6 If you open your New Account in Scotland or Northern
Ireland, the Laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland apply to this
Agreement and the courts of Scotland or Northern Ireland
may settle any related dispute. If you open your New Account
elsewhere, the laws of England apply to this Agreement and the
courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to
settle any related dispute.
4. Contacting Us
4.1 You can contact us by:
¡ Visiting your local branch
¡ Writing to us at 9 Nelson Street, Bradford BD1 5AN
¡ Secure message via our website – santander.co.uk – Contact Us
– General Enquiries
¡ telephoning us on 0800 085 2202
4.2 We will only communicate with you in English and we will use
the contact details you have given us to contact you by phone,
post, by email or by text
4.3 Our head office details are: 2 Triton Square, Regents Place,
London, NW1 3AN
4.4 We are authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority with
registration number 106054.
 You have a 14 calendar day period in which you can contact
us to cancel this Agreement. The 14 day period begins the
day after you authorise us to switch your account, unless you
have agreed to the switch before receiving this Agreement for
signature (e.g. online or over the phone), in which case the 14
day period begins the day after you receive this Agreement.
If you cancel this Agreement for signature (e.g. online or over
the phone), any account switch processes already completed
cannot be reversed or unwound.
 The following points describe what will happen if you exercise this
right to cancel the Agreement at key times during the switch.
5. At least 7 Working Days before the Switch Date:
¡ You can continue to use your Old Bank account because it
will not be closed.
¡ Details of the payment beneficiaries and regular payment
mandates on your Old Account will not be transferred to
your New Account.
¡ No balance transfer will take place.
¡ No payment redirection activities will be undertaken.
6. During the 6 Working Days before the Switch Date:
¡ Your Old Account will be closed from the Switch Date
because your Account Closure Instruction cannot be
cancelled.
¡ Details of the payment beneficiaries and regular payment
mandates on your Old Account will still be transferred to
your New Account and you will need to contact us (please
refer to section 4 for details about how to do this) if you
wish to cancel any of them.
¡ The transfer of your Old Account balance to your New
Account will be stopped provided we have enough time to
notify your Old Bank that you have cancelled the agreement
before your Old Bank closes for business on the Working Day
before the Switch.
¡ No payment redirection activities will be undertaken after
the Switch Date.
7. On the Switch Date, or later (and within the 14 day
cancellation period):
¡ Your Old Account will be closed from the Switch Date
because your Account Closure Instruction cannot be
cancelled.
¡ Details of the payment beneficiaries and regular payment
mandates on your Old Account will still be transferred to
your New Account and you will need to contact us (please
refer to section 4 for details about how to do this) if you
wish to cancel any of them.
¡ The balance transfer from your Old Account to your New
Account will have been completed.
¡ No payment redirection activities will be undertaken after
the day that you cancel this Agreement.
 If you change your mind after the switch has started, you might
want to consider waiting until after the Switch Date. You can
then request another bank or building society to switch your
account from us. Please note that you may not be able to
switch back to your Old Bank or to the type of current account
you held with your Old Bank.
 YOUR INFORMATION; HOW WE USE IT.
 In order to fulfil your Current Account Switch in accordance
with the terms of the Current Account Switch Agreement,
we collect, process, share and keep your information. This
privacy notice sets out everything you need to know about
what happens to your information when you choose to use the
Current Account Switch Service. Capitalised words are defined
either in this privacy notice or in the Current Account Switch
Agreement.
1 STARTING THE SWITCH
1.1 Information we process
 When you set up your new current account with us, we collect
and process your name, address, contact details, and give you
a new account number and sort code. If your new account is
a joint account, we also collect and process the joint account
holder’s name, address and contact details. Together, this is
your New Bank Information.
2 DURING THE SWITCH
2.1 Use of your information
 When we receive your signed Current Account Switch
Agreement, we send your New Bank Information, to your Old
Bank to make sure that the correct account with your Old
Your Right to Cancel this Agreement
CURRENT ACCOUNT SWITCH
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
26
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Bank will be closed and all regular payment arrangements are
switched to your new current account with us. We will also
send your Current Account Switch Agreement and Account
Closure Instruction to your Old Bank if they request it.
 When your Old Bank receives your New Bank Information
from us, they send us your old bank account information so
we can set up your regular payment arrangements on your
new current account. Regular payment arrangements means
Standing Orders, Direct Debits and future dated payments,
unpresented cheques pre-dating the switch, as well as details
of the payment arrangements that you set up using your Old
Bank on-line banking system (including mobile banking Apps)
more than 6 working days before your switch date.
 We collect, process, share and retain your information because
you have signed the Current Account Switch Agreement
and requested a switch. If for any reason you object to us
processing your information we cannot fulfil your switch
request.
 We also use your information to deal with any queries you may
have during or after the switch process and any queries relating
to your regular payment arrangements. This is to ensure
that you are happy with the switch service and your regular
payment arrangements continue to operate successfully.
2.2 Sharing your Information
 In addition to sharing your New Bank Information with your
Old Bank, we also share your New Bank Information with
payment system operators and the provider of the payment
system software. We do this so that any regular payments
initiated using automated, online and telephone banking means
or single payments made by cheque whether made by you,
or received by you, will continue to be made from or received
into your new current account. It also helps us resolve any
queries you may have. This ensures that your switch makes no
difference to the people and organisations you are paying or
receiving payments from.
 We will also share your New Bank Information with
organisations that you have payment arrangements with in
circumstances where we are dealing with regular payment
arrangement complaints.
3 AFTER YOUR SWITCH
3.1 Keeping your information
 Your New Bank Information is used by us for a number of
purposes. The Current Account Switch Service is only one of
those purposes. Your information that relates solely to the
Current Account Switch Service will be kept by us so that
we can complete the switch and address any future queries
or disputes relating to your switch. These include queries or
disputes relating to any of your payment arrangements.
 We understand our legal obligations relating to your
information which include minimum retention periods for
accounting and legal documents. Where it is possible to
minimise or reduce the amount of your information that is
stored, we make sure this takes place.
4 AT ANY TIME
4.1 Contacting Us
 ¡ Visiting your local branch
¡ Writing to us at 9 Nelson Street, Bradford BD1 5AN
¡ Secure message via our website arrangements –
santander.co.uk – Contact Us – General Enquiries
¡ Telephoning us on 0800 085 2202
4.2 We will only communicate with you in English and we will use
the contact details you have given us to contact you by phone,
post, by email or by text
4.3 Our head office details are: 2 Triton Square, Regents Place,
London, NW1 3AN
4.4 Our data protection officer details are: Data Protection Officer
(DPO) at 201 Grafton Gate East, Milton Keynes, MK9 1AN
4.2 Your Information Rights
 You have a number of rights in relation to your information.
You can:
(i) Access and obtain a copy of your information
(ii) Require us to change incorrect or incomplete information;
(iii) Require us to delete or stop using your information but
only where the information is no longer necessary for the
purposes of the switch; and
(iv) Object to us using your information but only where we no
longer need to process it.
 Please use the contact details above if you wish to exercise any
of your rights. Where possible we will let those organisations
we share your information with know if we make any changes
to your information, delete it or stop processing it.
 If you believe that we have not complied with our data
processing obligations, you can complain to the Information
Commissioner, the data protection regulator in the UK. Website
ico.org.uk and telephone number 0303 123 1113.
4.3 Multiple accounts only
 Your Old Bank sends us details of your regular payment
arrangements. These can include details of regular payment
arrangements relating to all accounts you have with your Old
Bank, not just the account you have chosen to switch. We
recommend you check with your Old Bank to understand if this
applies your Old Bank account before you decide to use the
switch service.
27
PART 2, Section 2C
5 Savings account fees
Items Charge
Banker’s draft £10
Replace a lost passbook £10
Account transaction statement Free
Detailed account interest calculations (see note 1) £10 (see note 2)
All status enquiries and a banker reference £10 (see note 3)
Photocopying cheques £4 a cheque
CHAPS, EEA and International Payments £25
SEPA (non-urgent euro transfer) £15
Cash withdrawal fee for cash machines displaying the Cirrus logo (if
not part of Santander or LINK cash machine networks)
1.5% of the value (minimum of £1.99)
Foreign currency conversion fee for cash withdrawals 2.75% of value
Presentation of foreign exchange Free
Note 1: These services are dealt with by Head Office rather than your local branch, so please allow ten Working Days from receipt of written request
and payment.
Note 2: A general worked example showing how savings account interest is calculated is free.
Note 3: The account holder, a third party or another bank may request confirmation in writing on the status of your account (what account is held, when
the account was opened, what the current balance is). Please note written consent is required by the account holder for this request to be processed.
Section 2C – Savings Account
Terms and Conditions
These Conditions apply to all savings accounts and will apply no matter
which type of savings account you have chosen. Where relevant, Specific
Conditions may also apply to your chosen savings account. The Specific
Conditions will be provided to you when you open your account. If a
Specific Condition differs from these Conditions, that Specific Condition is
the one that applies.
1 Joint accounts
 Your account may be held jointly with one or more other persons.
 Some accounts may have restrictions on the number of account
holders; please ask us for details if this information is not set out
in your Specific Conditions.
2 Direct Debit transactions
2.1 If your savings account offers a Direct Debit facility then
Conditions 4 and 5 of Section 2B.1 will also apply.
2.2 We offer inbound Direct Debits on some savings accounts (that
is the Direct Debit is set up on another account and the payment
is received into your savings account). Where money is paid into
your account through this method, interest will start to be earned
on the day of receipt.
3 Overdrafts
 Our overdraft services are not available on your savings account.
4 Wage and salary mandates
 We do not accept wage or salary mandates into savings accounts.
28
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Section 2D – Cash ISA
Terms and Conditions
These Conditions apply to all of our cash ISAs. Some of our cash ISAs
may have Specific Conditions. If a Specific Condition differs from these
Conditions, that Specific Condition is the one that applies.
Money paid into your cash ISA goes into a deposit account in your name
with Santander UK plc. Your ISA Manager is Santander UK plc.
You should read these Conditions carefully. If there is anything you do not
understand, please contact us.
Definitions and glossary
Certain words have a specific meaning throughout these Conditions.
These words and their meaning are listed below.
Associate Company – Santander UK plc or any of its subsidiary
companies or any company in the Santander Group.
FCA – The Financial Conduct Authority.
ISA – Individual Savings Account.
ISA Manager – A firm authorised to manage ISAs.
ISA Regulations – The Individual Savings Account Regulations 1998,
including any future changes.
Regulator – An organisation which regulates any of their companies.
Revenue – HM Revenue & Customs.
Santander – Santander UK plc.
Tax Year – The period from 6 April in a year to 5 April of the
following year.
1. Eligibility
1.1 You must be resident in the UK for tax purposes. If you are not
sure whether you are eligible for an ISA, you should contact the
Revenue.
1.2 You must be 16 years of age or over to pay into a cash ISA.
1.3 A cash ISA can only be opened in your own name.
1.4 Joint accounts are not allowed.
2. Start date
 Your cash ISA will begin as soon as we accept your application
and receive your payment. If we do not accept your application,
we will return any payment we may have received.
3. Paying into your ISA
3.1 You must make payments into your ISA with your own money.
Your payments must not go over the limits laid down in the ISA
Regulations and must not be less than any minimum we have told
you about.
3.2 Details of how you can pay into your ISA are included in the Key
Facts Document.
3.3 If you do not pay into your ISA during a Tax Year and want to
pay in a following Tax Year, you will need to complete a Cash ISA
declaration before we can accept your further payment. This is a
requirement of the ISA Regulations.
3.4 You cannot pay into your ISA if you are not resident in the UK for
tax purposes, but the account can remain open.
4. Tax
 The ISA Regulations say that you do not have to pay tax on the
income or capital gains from your ISA. This may change in the
future. If you die on or before 5 April 2018, any tax free benefits of
your ISA will end when you die.
 If you die on or after 6 April 2018, any tax benefits of your ISA can
 continue until the earlier of:
	 	 ¡ The completion of the administration of the your estate.
	 	 ¡ The closure of the account.
	 	 ¡ The third anniversary of your death.
5. Withdrawing money from or cashing in your ISA
5.1 You can withdraw or cash in some or all of your ISA at any
time, except where stated otherwise in the Specific Conditions.
Once you have deposited the maximum allowed under Revenue
regulations, you will not be able to make any more deposits in that
Tax Year, even if you have made withdrawals. Details of how you
can make withdrawals are included in the Key Facts Document.
5.2 If you are withdrawing from a cash ISA, we will normally process
your request within five Working Days of receipt, however you
may request a date after this period if you wish.
5.3 Under the ISA Regulations, we can take up to 30 days to process
your request.
5.4 For all ISAs, the amount you get when you withdraw or close your
ISA, may be affected by any money we keep under Condition 7.
5.5 If you close your cash ISA and you have subscribed during the
current tax year, you cannot then open and subscribe to another
cash ISA in the same Tax Year.
5.6 Our overdraft services are not available on any cash ISAs.
6. Death
 The proceeds from your ISA will form part of your estate for the
purposes of calculating any inheritance tax due. We will pay the
money in the ISA, together with any interest earned, to your
personal representatives. They must first prove to us that they
have the authority to receive the money.
6.1 Tax efficient status for deceased ISA customers
 If you die on or before 5 April 2018, any ISAs held by you at the
 date of your death will be closed and any interest paid after the
 date of death will be paid gross.
 If you die on or after 6 April 2018, any ISAs held by you at the
 date of your death will be allowed to remain open until the earlier
 of:
 ¡ the completion of the administration of the your estate; or
	 	 ¡ the closure of the account; or
	 	 ¡ the third anniversary of the your death, and any interest paid
 after the date of death will continue to be paid tax free.
 No subscriptions or ISA transfers are allowed following your
 death.
7. When we can keep money from the proceeds of
your ISA
7.1 We are entitled to use any cash in your ISA:
 a) to pay our charges;
 b) to pay any tax or other amount necessary to the Revenue or
other government agency in relation to your ISA.
7.2 If we do not know how much the tax or other amount will be,
we may keep an amount of cash that we feel is reasonable and
appropriate.
8. Who owns the cash in your ISA?
 You own the cash either directly or indirectly, as explained in
these Terms and Conditions. You are not allowed to transfer your
rights to the cash to any other person.
29
PART 2, Section 2D
9. Other people
 Our relationship is with you and we will not recognise the interest
or claim of any other person, unless by law we have to. For
example, this means that you cannot use any of the cash in your
ISA as security for any borrowing or other money which you owe.
10. Transferring out
10.1 By providing a Transfer Instruction to another ISA Manager which
is approved under the ISA Regulations, you may ask us, at any
time, to transfer all or part of your ISA to that ISA Manager. We
will process your request within five Working Days of receipt,
however you may request a date after this period if you wish.
10.2 Under the ISA Regulations, on receipt of a request to transfer
your money from your cash ISA to another ISA, we will send your
money and accompanying information to your new ISA Manager
within five Working Days from our receipt of the request from
your new ISA Manager.
10.3 Except for any money we keep under Condition 7 in Section 2D
we will pay the proceeds to the other ISA Manager on a date
we, you and the other ISA Manager agree. The transfer will also
depend on the ISA Regulations which, for example, do not allow
you to partly transfer payments made during the same Tax Year
as the transfer.
11 Transferring in
11.1 If you have an existing ISA, you can transfer all or part of it to any of
our cash ISAs, where the Specific Conditions of the product allow this.
11.2 We do not charge for this service, however your existing ISA
Manager may apply an exit charge.
12 When we may close your ISA
12.1 We can give you three months’ written notice if we plan to stop
managing your ISA because:
 a) we decide in good faith that it is no longer reasonably
practical for us to keep to the ISA Regulations;
 b) we decide that managing the type of ISA which you hold has
stopped being commercially worthwhile for us.
 During the period of notice you can transfer your ISA to another
ISA Manager (Condition 10 in Section 2D). If you do not transfer
your ISA during the period of notice, we may then close your ISA.
12.2 We may close your ISA if you cash it in.
12.3 If we discover or the Revenue tells us that your ISA has or will
become ‘void’, we will give you written notice of this straight away
and we will have to close your ISA.
12.4 If we close your ISA, we must follow the ISA Regulations.
12.5 If we believe that there are exceptional circumstances that
require us to urgently close your ISA, we may do so without
prior notice as stated in Condition 12.1 in Section 2D. We will not
be responsible to you for any loss, liability or damage that you
suffer as a result of closing the ISA. We will give you all relevant
information and certificates that relate to tax that you need under
the ISA Regulations.
 Except for any amount we keep under Condition 7 in Section 2D,
we will pay the proceeds of your ISA to you.
13 Cancellation rights
 You can cancel your ISA by writing to us within 14 days of
making your first payment. We will return your money in full,
together with any interest earned. Please note that if you transfer
in funds from your existing ISA and subsequently cancel the
account, your existing ISA provider may not accept the return of
the ISA funds. In this case you can either continue to save with
us or transfer your ISA in full to another ISA provider. You’ll need
to contact your new ISA provider to arrange the transfer. If you
don’t exercise your right to cancel, the cash ISA will continue
with us.
14 Using others to carry out our duties
14.1 We may use the services of an Associate Company to carry out
administrative duties relating to your ISA and pass all appropriate
information to them. This will depend on the following:
 a) We must keep responsibility for the way these duties are
carried out.
 b) We must be satisfied that the Associate Company is able to
carry out the duties.
14.2 We may appoint, in our place, an Associate Company as manager
of your ISA. This will depend on the following:
 a) The Associate Company must be approved under the ISA
Regulations as an ISA Manager.
 b) We must give you notice in writing beforehand, so that
you have the chance to transfer your ISA to a different ISA
Manager if you prefer.
15 Notices given by you
 Any notice under these Terms and Conditions must be given by
you to:
 Santander UK plc
 ISA Customer Services
 PO Box 1112
 9 Nelson Street
 Bradford BD1 9NR
 This address will apply both to us and to Associate Companies.
16 Your address
 The address that you give us must be your permanent home address.
30
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Section 2E – Cash Junior
ISA Terms and Conditions
These Conditions apply to our cash Junior ISAs. Our cash Junior ISAs
may have Specific Conditions. If a Specific Condition differs from these
Conditions, that Specific Condition is the one that applies. Any Specific
Conditions that apply to our cash Junior ISAs will be set out in a Key
Facts Document which we will provide to you when the cash Junior ISA
is opened.
Money paid into a cash Junior ISA goes into a deposit account in the
Child’s name with Santander UK plc. The ISA Manager is Santander UK plc.
The Child and if applicable, the Registered Contact, should read these
Conditions carefully. If there is anything they do not understand, please
contact us.
Definitions and glossary
Certain words have a specific meaning throughout these Conditions.
These words and their meaning are listed below.
Associate Company – Santander UK plc or any of its subsidiary
companies or any company in the Santander Group.
Child – the child who owns the cash Junior ISA and is the beneficiary of
the funds held in the cash Junior ISA.
CTF – Child Trust Fund. A CTF is a long-term tax-free savings account for
children. You can’t apply for a new CTF because the scheme was closed in
2011 and replaced with Junior ISAs.
FCA – The Financial Conduct Authority.
JISA – Junior Individual Savings Account. A JISA is a long-term tax-free
savings account for children. JISAs were introduced in 2011 to replace CTF.
ISA Manager – A firm authorised to manage ISAs.
ISA Regulations – The Individual Savings Account Regulations 1998,
including any future changes.
Registered Contact – the person who manages the cash JISA.
Regulator – An organisation which regulates any of their companies.
Revenue – HM Revenue & Customs.
Santander – Santander UK plc.
Tax Year – The period from 6 April in a year to 5 April of the following year.
We/Us/Our – Santander UK plc.
1. Eligibility
 Please see the cash JISA Key Facts Document for Specific
Conditions relating to eligibility for cash JISAs.
2. Start date
 The cash JISA will begin as soon as we accept the Child’s
application or if applicable, an application made on the Child’s
behalf by the Registered Contact and an opening payment is
received. If we do not accept an application, we will return any
payment we may have received to the Child or if applicable, to
the Registered Contact.
3. Management of the cash JISA
 Please see the cash JISA Key Facts Document for Specific
Conditions relating to management of cash JISAs.
4 Paying into your cash JISA
4.1 Any deposit into the cash JISA is a gift to the Child and unless the
cash JISA is cancelled in accordance with Condition 14 in Section 2E,
no deposits can be repaid, subject to certain exceptions as defined by
the HMRC.
4.2 Please see the cash JISA Key Facts Document for Specific Conditions
relating to paying into cash JISAs.
5. Tax
 The ISA Regulations say that the Child does not have to pay
tax on the income or capital gains from the cash JISA. This may
change in the future. The tax free benefits of the JISA will end
when the Child dies.
6. Withdrawing money from or cashing in the cash JISA
6.1 For all cash JISAs, the amount received when the Child or if
applicable the Registered Contact, withdraws or closes the cash
JISA, may be affected by any money we keep under Condition 8 in
Section 2E.
6.2 Our overdraft services are not available on any cash JISAs.
6.3 Please see the cash JISA Key Facts Document for Specific
Conditions relating to withdrawing money from cash JISAs.
7. Death
 If the Child dies, the tax-free benefits which apply to the cash JISA
will stop.
 The proceeds from the cash JISA will form part of the Child’s
estate for the purposes of calculating any inheritance tax due.
Interest arising after the date of death will be paid gross. We will
pay the money in the cash JISA, together with any interest earned,
to the Child’s personal representatives. They must first prove to
us that they have the authority to receive the money.
8. When we can keep money from the proceeds of the
cash JISA
8.1 We are entitled to use any cash in the cash JISA:
 a) to pay our charges;
 b) to pay any tax or other amount necessary to the Revenue or
other government agency in relation to the cash JISA.
8.2 If we do not know how much the tax or other amount will be,
we may keep an amount of cash that we feel is reasonable and
appropriate.
9. Who owns the cash in the cash JISA?
 The rights to the cash JISA belong to the Child. Neither the Child
nor, if applicable, the Registered Contact are allowed to transfer
those rights to any other person.
10. Other people
 Our relationship is with the Child and we will not recognise the
interest or claim of any other person, unless by law we have to.
For example, this means that the funds in the cash JISA cannot
be used as security for any borrowing or other money which the
Child owes.
11. Transferring out
11.1 By providing a transfer instruction to another ISA Manager which
is approved under the ISA Regulations, the Child or if applicable
the Registered Contact, may ask us, at any time to transfer all or
part of the cash JISA to that ISA Manager. We will process the
request within five Working Days of receipt, however the Child or
if applicable the Registered Contact, may request a date after this
period if preferred.
11.2 Under the ISA Regulations, on receipt of a request to transfer the
Child’s money from the cash JISA to another JISA, we will send
the Child’s money and accompanying information to the new
ISA Manager within five Working Days from our receipt of the
request from the new ISA Manager.
31
PART 2, Section 2E
11.3 Except for any money we keep under Condition 8 in Section 2E,
we will pay the proceeds to the other ISA Manager on a date we,
the Child or if applicable the Registered Contact and the other
ISA Manager agree. The transfer will also depend on the ISA
Regulations which, for example, do not allow the Child to partly
transfer payments made during the same Tax Year as the transfer.
11.4 The partial transfer of cash JISA investments can only be made to
a JISA of a different type (cash or stocks and shares). A transfer
from a cash JISA to another cash JISA or a stocks and shares JISA
to another stocks and shares JISA must involve the transfer of the
entire contents of the ‘old’ JISA.
12. Transferring in
12.1 If the Child has an existing JISA, the Child, or if applicable the
Registered Contact, can transfer all or part of it to any of our cash
JISAs, where the Specific Conditions of the product allow this. The
transferring of cash JISAs is subject to the Child not having two
accounts of the same type at the end of the transfer process.
12.2 We do not charge for this service, however the existing cash ISA
Manager may apply an exit charge.
13. When we may close your cash JISA
13.1 We can give the Child or if applicable the Registered Contact
three months’ written notice if we plan to stop managing the cash
JISA because:
 a) We decide in good faith that it is no longer reasonably
practical for us to keep to the ISA Regulations;
 b) We decide that managing the type of JISA which the Child
holds has stopped being commercially worthwhile for us.
 During the period of notice, the Child or if applicable the
Registered Contact, can transfer the cash JISA to another ISA
Manager under Condition 11 in Section 2E. If the Child or if
applicable the Registered Contact, do not transfer the cash JISA
during the period of notice, we may then close the cash JISA.
13.2 We may close the cash JISA if the Child or if applicable the
Registered Contact, cash it in.
13.3 If we discover or the Revenue tells us that the cash JISA has
or will become ‘void’, we will give the Child or if applicable the
Registered Contact, written notice of this straight away and we
will have to close the cash JISA.
13.4 If we close the cash JISA, we must follow the ISA Regulations.
13.5 If we believe that there are exceptional circumstances that require
us to urgently close the cash JISA, we may do so without prior
notice as stated in Condition 13.1 in Section 2E. We will not be
responsible to the Child for any loss, liability or damage that the
Child suffers as a result of closing the cash JISA. We will give
the Child or if applicable the Registered Contact, all relevant
information and certificates that relate to tax that the Child or if
applicable the Registered Contact need under the ISA Regulations.
 Except for any amount we keep under Condition 8 in Section
2E, we will pay the proceeds of the cash JISA to the Child or if
applicable the Registered Contact.
14. Cancellation rights
 Please see the cash JISA Key Facts Documents for Specific
Conditions relating to cancellation rights for cash JISAs.
15. Using others to carry out our duties
15.1 We may use the services of an Associate Company to carry
out administrative duties relating to the cash JISA and pass
all appropriate information to them. This will depend on the
following:
 a) We must keep responsibility for the way these duties are
carried out.
 b) We must be satisfied that the Associate Company is able to
carry out the duties.
15.2 We may appoint, in our place, an Associate Company as manager
of the cash JISA. This will depend on the following:
 a) The Associate Company must be approved under the cash ISA
Regulations as an ISA Manager.
 b) We must give the Child or if applicable the Registered
Contact, notice in writing beforehand, so that the Child or if
applicable the Registered Contact, have the chance to transfer
the cash JISA to a different ISA Manager if preferred.
16. Notices given by the Child or the Registered Contact
Any notice under these Terms and Conditions must be given by
the Child or if applicable, the Registered Contact to:
 Santander UK plc
 ISA Customer Services
 PO Box 1112
 9 Nelson Street
 Bradford
 BD1 9NR
 This address will apply both to us and to Associate Companies.
17. Your address
 The address that you give us must be the Child’s or if applicable
the Registered Contact’s permanent home address.
32
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
Section 2F – CHAPS, EEA
and International Payments
Terms and Conditions
The Terms and Conditions in this section (the ‘Conditions’) set out your
rights and obligations when you instruct us to make any of the following
payments from your account:
¡ CHAPS Payments – these are payments in the UK made in pounds
through the Clearing House Automated Payments System. More
information about CHAPS Payments is set out in the Frequently Asked
Questions on our website;
¡ EEA Payments – these are payments to a country in the European
Economic Area, made in any currency, in each case using SWIFT; or
non-urgent payments in euros using the SEPA Scheme; and
¡ International Payments – being payments anywhere in the world
outside of the European Economic Area, made in pounds or any other
currency, using SWIFT. More information about International Payments
and the currencies that you can make or receive payments in is set out
in the Frequently Asked Questions on our website or you can ask a
member of our staff.
If you instruct us to make an EEA Payment or an International Payment
we may convert it into the currency of the country the payment is being
sent to.
For details on whether you can make CHAPS Payments, EEA Payments
and International Payments from your particular type of account, please
see the Key Facts Document for details or ask a member of our staff.
These Conditions are set out in three sections. Conditions relevant to
all payments are given in Section 1 under the heading ‘CHAPS, EEA and
International Payments Conditions’ below. Extra Conditions covering both
EEA Payments and International Payments (‘Special Conditions applicable
to EEA and International Payments’) and International Payments (‘Special
Conditions relating to International Payments’) also apply. These are set
out at Sections 2 and 3 respectively. The Special Conditions applicable to
EEA and International Payments and the Special Conditions relating to
International Payments will apply to those particular payment services in
addition to the CHAPS, EEA and International Payments Conditions.
If any Condition in this Section 2F differs from any Condition in Sections
2A or 2B or 2C or 2D, then the Condition in this Section 2F is the one
that applies.
1 CHAPS, EEA and International Payments Conditions
1.1 Receiving your instructions and stopping a payment
 a) Unless your Payment Instruction specifies that the payment
is to take place on a particular day (in which case we will treat
it as having been received on that day), we will be deemed to
have received your Payment Instruction at the time that we
actually receive it and have completed our security checks.
However, if we receive your instruction on a non-Working Day
or after the stated cut-off time below, we will be deemed to
have received it on the following Working Day.
 b) We are not obliged to receive or to request credit
confirmation from the bank of the beneficiary that the
payment has been received.
Payment type
Cut-off
time
(branch)
Cut-off time
(contact
centre)
Cut-off time
(online) When the money usually arrives at the recipient’s bank
Sending money within the UK by CHAPS 4.30pm* 12.40pm N/A Same Working Day
Sending money outside the UK in pounds 4.30pm 1.00pm 3.00pm Within the EEA – same Working Day
Outside the EEA – usually within 4 Working Days
Sending money outside the UK not in
pounds, euros or US Dollars 4.30pm 1.00pm 3.00pm May take up to 4 Working Days**
Sending money outside the UK in euros if
receipt bank uses the ‘Step 1’ system 1.00pm 11.30am 11.30am Same Working Day
Sending money outside the UK in euros if
receipt bank uses the ‘Euro 1’ system 2.30pm 11.30am 11.30am Same Working Day
SEPA - euro transfers within the EEA*** 4.30pm 1.00pm 2.30 pm Next Working Day
Sending money outside the UK in
US Dollars 4.30pm 1.00pm 3.00pm To the United States – same Working Day
Outside the United States – usually within 4 Working Days
*Please note the cut off time may be later for branches that open beyond 5.00pm.
** This will depend on the currency and destination of your payment. Please see the Frequently Asked Questions on our website or ask a member of
our staff.
***Switzerland, Monaco, the French collectivities of ‘Mayotte’ and ‘Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon’ as well as San Marino are also part of the geographical
scope of the SEPA. Please note that whilst most banks in the EEA are able to accept SEPA payments, some do not.
33
PART 2, Section 2F
1.2 Fees and exchange rates
 a) We will tell you our charges for the payment that you wish to
make before you agree your instruction with us. Details of the
fees we charge for EEA Payments and International Payments
are set out in Condition 8.1 of Section 2B.1 and if you have a
current account, the Fee Information Document, and are also
available on our website.
 b) Our exchange rates for foreign currency payments are based
on our Santander reference exchange rates for the relevant
currency. We have different reference rates depending on the
size of the transaction and whether you are buying (if you are
sending a payment) or selling currency (if you are receiving a
payment into your account).
 c) The exchange rate to be used will be determined by our
current exchange rate on the day we process the payment out
of or into your account. We will provide you with information
about the exchange rate and the amount of the foreign
currency for that payment after your account has been
debited or credited with the amount of the transaction. If
this information is not set out on your statement, or in your
transaction history in Online Banking, we will provide this
information to you in the same way as you receive statements
for your account, either as an e-Document in Online Banking
or by post.
1.3 Returned payments
 a) If a payment is returned to us, it will be credited to your
account net of any fees charged by third party banks in
returning the payment.
 b) If the returned payment is in a currency other than pounds,
before crediting the returned payment into your account,
we will convert the returned payment (less any fees referred
to in Condition 1.3 a) of Section 2F into pounds using our
current exchange rate applicable for payments made into
your account for the Working Day on which we re-credit your
account. This may mean that your account will be re-credited
with a different amount than was originally debited.
1.4 Your personal information
 When using established banking relationships to send your
money, personal information about you contained in the
transaction may be provided to overseas authorities and the
beneficiary bank in order to comply with applicable legal
obligations and prevent crime. This may include a transfer of
your personal data outside the EEA. This information may include
your full name, address, date of birth and account number. For
more detail on how we transfer data internationally, see our Data
Protection Statement.
2. Special Conditions applicable to EEA Payments and
International Payments
2.1 Information we will give you after we have received your EEA or
International Payment instruction.
 After we receive your payment instruction, we will provide or
make available to you the following information:
 (i) confirmation of the date on which we received your
instruction;
 (ii) a reference enabling you to identify the payment
transaction and, where appropriate, information relating to
the recipient of the payment;
 (iii) the amount of the payment transaction in pounds;
 (iv) the amount of any fees for the payment transaction
payable by you and, where applicable, a breakdown of
those fees; and
 (v) in respect of an EEA or International payment not in
pounds, the exchange rate used in converting the payment
from pounds to the applicable currency and the amount of
the payment transaction after that currency conversion.
2.2 Additional Handling Fee.
 For EEA Payments in pounds, euro or another Member State
currency over €50,000, a special handling charge may be
deducted from the payment by the beneficiary bank. Any such
charges shall be borne by the beneficiary.
3. Special Conditions relating to International
Payments
3.1 Third party charges
 a) There may be other third party banks that apply charges in
effecting the International Payment which may be deducted
from the money sent by you or from the money received by
you via an International Payment. This will mean that the sum
of money received by the beneficiary or by you may be less
than the amount of money you have sent or received.
 b) If any charges are passed back to us by a third party bank, we
reserve the right to debit your account with these charges.
3.2 International Payment delays or failures
 a) We shall not be liable for any loss you may incur or suffer as
a result of any delay or failure in an International Payment
reaching the bank (or other financial institution) account of
the beneficiary of the payment, where that delay or failure is a
result of (or arises in connection with):
 (i) you giving us Payment Details (see Condition 1 in Section
2A) which are inconsistent or incomplete;
 (ii) any failure or delay on the part of the bank (or other
financial institution) to credit the beneficiary’s account;
 (iii) any statutory or other legally required checks being carried
out in relation to the International Payment; or
 (iv) any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
34
General – Terms and Conditions and Important Information
PART 3: OTHER
IMPORTANT
INFORMATION
Section 3A – Joint accounts
Sharing your finances with another person can be a convenient and
sensible approach to organising your money. You can join up with your
partner, a relative, your flat/house mates, even your best friend. It’s really
up to you.
This information is designed to help you decide if a joint account is right
for you by explaining some of the situations you might find yourself in and
the things you need to think about.
What should I consider?
Sharing means that everybody involved can use, and get information
about, the account. The number of people you can share an account with
depends on the product (see the Specific Conditions). It’s flexible enough
for all of you to run things the way you want them. You can have your
own account as well as a joint account. Many people have a joint ‘bills
account’ for household outgoings but still have their salary paid into their
own account.
A joint account means joint responsibility so each person can use the
account without the other person knowing. Therefore, if other people
cause a problem on the account, you’re also responsible for it. Santander
UK plc, along with other banks and building societies share information
about you and how you use credit products such as current accounts,
credit cards, loans and mortgages via credit reference agencies. If there are
problems on a shared account, you can find out more information about
sharing information with credit reference agencies by reading our ‘Your
application and credit scoring’ leaflet. Everyone can receive a statement at
different addresses for any account. Just let us know that’s what you want.
Santander current account
You’ll both get your own Santander debit card or cash card, depending on
the account you have, as well as a chequebook (if required), so you can
pay for things and withdraw money independently.
You can both pay money into the account, or just one of you can – it’s
up to you.
Either of you can find out what’s going on with the account. You both get
access to our branches, cash machines, Telephone Banking and Online
Banking.
If both of you are paying money into the account then you could have a
higher balance to earn interest on, or a bigger Arranged Overdraft facility.
If you borrow money using an Arranged or Unarranged Overdraft, each of
you is responsible for the whole debt no matter who borrowed it. Please
bear in mind that either of you can make withdrawals, write cheques, set
up Arranged Overdrafts or use the cash machine without the knowledge
of the other person.
To find out if a joint account is available to you, please see your specific
Account Key Facts Document.
Santander savings account
Two or more people can share a Santander savings account (with the
exception of ISAs). We’ll let you know how many people can share the
account when you open it.
If your savings account has a cash card or you can use the phone or the
internet to run the account, all account holders can take money out of the
account without telling each other. With any other savings account, you
can choose whether all account holders have to sign to take money out or
whether just one signature is enough.
If you wish to remove someone from the account, everyone must agree
to this. Statements will be sent to the first named customer using the
address recorded for that customer. Everyone can receive a statement at
different addresses for any account. Just let us know that’s what you want.
Making changes
If you want to remove an account holder’s name from the account, we
must have agreement from both account holders before we can do
this. If you decide to change the way you run your account, you should
consider the following:
¡ All account holders are responsible for any money owed on the account.
¡ You can ask for the Arranged Overdraft to be removed from a current
account provided you pay off any money owed. The amount owed may
increase should any transactions be presented for payment.
¡ If one of you becomes bankrupt, we have to stop the account being
used and the money may not be available for account holders to use.
¡ Santander UK plc has the right to move money from Santander
accounts in any account holders’ name to cover any money owed on
the joint account.
If you decide that a joint account isn’t working for you, please let us know
and we’ll help you find an alternative solution with us. Please note that
if the joint account is operated on an either signature basis, we can take
instructions to close the joint account from either account holder.
What if one of you dies?
If one of you dies, a joint current account and savings account will
automatically be converted into the sole name of the surviving account
holder. Therefore, it is advisable to only leave money in the account if
you are comfortable about leaving it to the other account holder. If you
have an Arranged Overdraft on your joint account, or if your account
goes into an Unarranged Overdraft, you should be aware that the other
account holder will be responsible for any money owed on the account.
For more information
If you need any extra help or you want to talk through your options
simply call into your local Santander branch. Alternatively, call us on
0800 030 4321, Monday to Saturday 8am to 9pm.
35
PART 3, Section 3B
Section 3B –
Accounts held in trust
Who is a trustee?
A trustee is an individual who, either solely or with another trustee
or trustees, manages and invests assets for the benefit of another (a
beneficiary). The trustee is obliged to make all trust-related decisions
with the beneficiary’s interests in mind. A trustee may open an account
in the name of a beneficiary to hold funds that are intended for future
use such as education fees or the purchase of a house. The trustee is
the legal owner of the funds held in the account and is therefore the
person we deal with regarding all aspects of servicing the account. A
trustee can open an account on behalf of a child as long as the trustee
is aged 18 or over.
Who is a beneficiary?
A beneficiary is an individual who the funds held in the account may
eventually belong to. The beneficiary of an account in trust is often, but
not always, a child. The beneficiary is unable to access the funds unless
the trustee(s) gives the funds to the beneficiary in any of the ways
referred to in the paragraph below ‘How can a trustee release funds to
a beneficiary?’
What is a Trust Account?
A Trust Account is the term used for any Santander UK savings or bank
account where a third party is registered as a trustee on the account.
The account is opened in the name of the beneficiary of the funds but
fully managed by the trustee(s) registered. The account holder does
not have any access to funds held in a trust account where they are
the beneficiary.
What accounts can have a trustee registered?
Most Santander UK savings accounts allow a trustee to be registered on
the account. The 1I2I3 Mini Account (in Trust) is available to Santander
current account customers who open the account in trust (see note 1).
When should a trustee release funds to a beneficiary?
There is no set time when the trustee must release funds to the
beneficiary. The trustee can choose to hold the funds in trust
indefinitely, irrespective of the age of the beneficiary (see note 1).
How can a trustee release funds to a beneficiary?
An account held in trust cannot be accessed by the beneficiary –
therefore a trustee cannot give the beneficiary permission to access
funds, whilst the account continues to have a registered trustee. In
order to give the beneficiary access to the funds in the trust account
either (i) the trustee must transfer the funds to an account held in the
beneficiary’s name or (ii) the trustee must request that the account
be transferred into the sole name of the beneficiary by removing the
trustee from the account or (iii) the trustee must close the account via
the usual account closure process (see note 1).
Gross Interest
Interest payments will be paid using the gross rate. This means all the
interest we pay will be without tax deducted. If the total amount of
interest received exceeds any Personal Savings Allowance tax may have
to be paid at the applicable rate. This would need to be paid directly to
HM Revenue & Customs (‘HMRC’). For more information, please visit
gov.uk and search for ‘Personal Savings Allowance’.
£100 rule
If the child receives more than £100 in interest per tax year from money
given to them by a parent, that interest would normally be taxed as the
parent’s income. The limit of £100 only applies to each given parent
and does not apply to grandparents, relatives or friends. Additional
questions should be referred to HMRC.
Death of a trustee
Sole trustee
The Customer Representative for a deceased trustee can appoint a new
trustee or elect to release the funds in the account to the beneficiary
(the account holder). This may vary by product. For specific details on
your account, please refer to the Key Facts Document provided when
you open your account.
Joint trustee
The deceased trustee should be removed from the account where the
trust is in place. If there is more than one trustee remaining on the
account no further action is required.
Accounts with more than one trustee
All trustees have equal access to the accounts as no one trustee has
greater ownership over the account than another. An account with
more than one trustee can be set up with the trustees choosing;
1. ‘Either/Any’, the account can then be operated by any of the
registered trustees.
2. ‘Combined’ access, means that all trustees must authorise a
transaction or account action before it can be made. Depending on
which access you choose this may affect the channels available to
service your account.
Please speak to us for more information.
Removal of a trustee
Sole trustee
The trustee can elect to be removed from the account at any time and
release the funds to the beneficiary.
Joint trustee
A trustee can elect to be removed from the account at any time. If
there is more than one trustee remaining on the account no further
action is required.
